A cute toddler is playing in the grass in the park.
A fisherman drags a red net through the water close to the beach.
A middle-aged man is kneeling in the gravel working on a train on the tracks.
Firemen fighting a building fire in a city.
A man is sweating on stage while holding a beer.
Man in blue shirt talking to woman behind a counter with stuffed animals hanging all around them.
Group of people crossing a street with building surrounding them.
A man wearing a black helmet is driving a red and black Yamaha 4x4 utility vehicle.
A man stands with his backpack in front of him in a wooded area with another backpack and someone's coat.
Three racing dogs with masks on their mouths.
The girls are getting the volleyball over the net to make a score.
Four men in camouflage uniforms hurry down a street, with the two men in front taking a left into some vegetation.
In this photo, a woman and several other people are running a marathon.
A young man doing flying skateboard stunts in a park while being filmed by another young man.
Two black men in black coats walk down the street with women looking at them.
A little boy smiling next to a toy train track on the floor with his sister neat the couch build the rest of the track.
An upward looking shot of an electric guitarist against a backdrop of radiating white and red, with WWII bombers.
A happy child is getting a helping hand out of the box of nerf balls.
A football coach and his team on the sidelines.
An older man stands in a white tank top and blue jeans, holding something to smooth down concrete.
A young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
Two women in the snow looking and smiling at a duck.
A man with work clothes on standing on the back of a truck.
This boy is waving around his arms outside.
Shirtless man listens to his iPod while competing in a running race.
A man in a black sweater is painting in front of the river.
A man with a yellow shirt is in front of a man playing a musical instrument.
A man is standing with his arms folded looking at something while the person behind him is jumping onto one of the two beds in the room.
A small girl wearing a purple jacket sitting in the grass next to a doll in a nearly identical outfit.
Two men are looking at a advertisement for Levis.
Some people stare into the distance as a barber gives an Asian man a haircut.
A person with lots of hair and a Pac-man jacket is making a phone call.
A chinese man has white paint on his face with a black painted mustache and beard and glasses.
A naked baby and toddler are playing with red fingerpaints.
Three young girls dancing in a studio with nylon sheets.
The girls with a pierced lip and cap is standing next to a man with a beard and a black cap.
An older blond lady in a white shirt crosses the street.
An older man in a blue striped shirt is standing waiting for something, while a young woman with a red scarf walks behind him.
Two men wearing black shirts sing and play the guitar.
An outdoor picnic with lots of water bottles and barbecue is taking place.
The little blond girl with the pink shirt is getting her bunny mask tied to her head by a grown woman with a black shirt and blue jeans, while two little girls, one wearing a brown shirt and one wearing a blue sweater, are watching.
A black dog sitting in brown grass with a colorful ball.
A woman in a blue plaid shirt and sunglasses scratches her face as she walks down the street.
A figure, whose face is obscured by water, in black pants and a black t-shirt leaps into the air with arms and legs spread wide, while tall jets of water shoot from the pavement below.
Woman resting her head on a curved pillow.
A man in a red shirt is holding up a shovel while another man blocks it with a black shield.
A band salutes the audience from the stage.
One boy in a yellow shirt rides a donkey hitched to a cart carrying two boys in yellow along a road.
A woman with a green top and black skirt sweeps trash up with a red-handled broom.
A woman wearing a hat selling something to an older women with white hair.
Africans walk down a road carrying their belongings.
A man is barbecuing hotdogs while 2 other men eat in the background.
Small girls sit in benches a circle in a clapboard room- a slightly older girl wearing a white turtleneck sits on the carpet in front of them.
Little boy and little girl, playing by the beach shore.
A man is looking over the choices on a buffet.
Three adults, two men and one woman, talking to each other in winter attire in the snow.
A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around.
A ski boarder making a jump on a snowy hillside.
There a four men setting in chairs, with music stands in front of them, performing in a quartet, with a cello and three violins, and they are all connected to one speaker.
A boy in white pants and a yellow jersey is getting ready to pitch in a baseball game.
A old woman stands by a yellow bucket and weaves on a loom.
A black dog with a stick in its mouth is walking out of the water onto a beach.
A girl wearing white swings her tennis racket back.
A woman scantily dressed in handsome homemade-looking clothing sits on a wooden step and reads Brazilian author Coelho.
Two men are participating in a sword fight or a type of martial art with metal swords.
A group of people in formal attire are in the background and a man in a white shirt with khaki pants jumps from the dirt road to the green grass.
A young man in shorts looks down from a rooftop at a young man on the ground walking away.
A waitress at a restaurant is cleaning a table.
A couple are kissing while someone takes a photo of them.
A crowd of people has gathered next to a field of colorful wildflowers.
A lady in purple and a lady in blue are standing with a van behind them.
Several boys in short and tank tops or t-shirts are running.
Several people are crowded together in a room with three large fans over them.
People posing in front of large plantation style house where 3 people are standing, 5 people are sitting and one person is bending over.
A woman works at a chopping board on a table holding large containers of prepared food.
A dark-haired woman demonstrates how some accused witches were punished using a dunking stool.
At a naval yard, a man in a white Navy officer's uniform is standing by two older men having a discussion.
A man is performing a handstand on the beach.
Old group sits on the dock and contemplates life.
A woman is watching a child while he sits on tires.
A girl in a bikini top and shorts poses for a picture on a mountain overlooking a lake.
Two young blond children sit in the grass playing with sticks.
A woman wearing a hat, sunglasses, and a black jacket is sitting on the ground with a purse right next to her.
Someone is carrying an excessive amount of heavily loaded bags.
Two women are eating at a table with a white tablecloth.
Two girls and a parent getting a dorm room set up for the school year.
A Caucasian adult male is walking a small dog at sunset near a pier.
Two african american males look in opposite direction of crowd in background.
The brown-haired toddler is holding onto the edge of a flower pot in a garden.
A man in a jumpsuit and a headband is docking a boat.
A woman talking on her cellphone while carrying a dummy.
Three people with swim caps are swimming in parallel tracks in a large pool, while in the background three other men are walking along the edge of the pool, two in swimsuits, and one in a red shirt and jeans.
Two cosplayers, one in all black, the other in all red, pretend to fight.
A man bundled up in a coat displaying with his arms a bunch of clothes.
A rock climber checks his rope before holding on to the next spot on the rock.
A man sleeps while resting on a bench outdoors.
A bald man walking by very large pillars.
A all girls team huddles for a pep talk, they wear matching blue and white jerseys, black shorts, and white and black leg guards.
A boy wearing red shoes is climbing in a tree.
A woman wearing black is holding a yellow flag with red lettering.
People are exploring a city with their maps and cameras out.
One blond girl offering another blond girl some food.
A man in a striped polo shirt stands on stage in front of a chalkboard while holding a microphone.
An individual dressed in a blue top and red "SpongeBob" shorts with a handful of papers looks surprised while being photographed.
Several people in traditional folk dress are dancing in the street.
A man in sandals and white cardigan sits on a green bench while talking on his cellphone.
A man smiles while serving food from a very large bowl.
A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.
A large cruise ship passes by a beach where sunbathers recline under yellow umbrellas.
A young blond boy brushing his teeth in front of a mirror.
A group of four men sitting and standing around each other.
A biker on top of a shallow hill attempts a trick nearby a gate and grassy area.
A young girl with gunk on her face sits on a sink while making faces in the mirror.
A male soccer player who is trying to kick the ball with his right leg, as the other player in the background tries to block his kick.
A construction worker dressed in orange with a red helmet digging in wet dirt.
Three people on bicycles at the starting line of a race.
Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.
A person scuba dives through a school of fish.
A man with no shirt and wearing sunglasses is holding a football.
A worker straddles the beams of a building being constructed.
A Twins baseball pitcher is about to throw a ball from the pitching mound while an umpire and second baseman look on in the background.
A woman is hanging her clothing on a clothesline.
Six men practicing a sport on a field.
Two small brightly dressed African children with water bottles are sitting on a stone floor.
A famous celebrity surrounded by adoring fans asking for autographs.
A bald military man in camouflage clothes and bright blue gloves cracks an egg into a stainless steel bowl.
A girl sits on a ledge by the beach, rainbow flags on poles fly in the background.
An older man wearing glasses, a baseball cap, a white shirt and a red vest plays a tuba outside a building.
A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.
A woman sitting and contemplating while sitting on a rock near a mountain.
A man in a yellow sweater catching a Frisbee.
A female runner jogging along beside a river.
A little boy stands wide-legged, each foot on each side of the tube slide.
Two bicyclists ride down the street past people while talking.
Three people in ski gear standing on a mountain.
A family with no home trying to make some type of shelter from sticks and tree limbs in a wooded area.
A group of young people are riding a speedboat on the water.
A red-haired Caucasian girl with a green bag.
A construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site.
The blue vehicle has a lot of cargo stacked on the roof.
A woman in a blue sweater is sitting on a bench next to a tree.
Many people are crowding around a lady in a red shirt who is laying down hurt next to two bikes.
A man dressed in all white is talking to the people seated on the dirt floor.
Two women with ID cards around their necks are staring in the same direction.
A woman in a red shirt is walking past a store called Burrito Bandidos and it is open.
A smiling youth in a blue shirt is posing on some outdoor stairs.
Blond woman next to a man wearing a white apron holding a garbage can.
A man is covering a slide while looking through a microscope.
A gymnast is nearly inverted while he performs on the rings.
Three men are walking around in an open, stone building that has sand as the floor.
A man with a rake is sifting through debris from a recent storm.
A woman with red-hair tosses rocks in the ocean.
A woman is sitting down on the sidewalk is receiving a wristband given to her by another woman.
A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide.
Two women buying baked goods from a man at a market.
A multiple pointed, large Cathedral or church like building.
A blue, red, and yellow plane does a loop in the air.
A toddler in tan pants and a red hoddie on a slide.
A smiling boy wearing only red shorts stands on a rock in the middle of a stream.
Girl in black jacket and pants walking up a stairway that is covered in advertisements.
A man in a gray shirt, a young boy in a blue shirt and a young girl in pink clothes all sitting down in front of tents with a fire going.
The brown dog is bringing back a stick on green grass.
A woman holds red flowers at a wedding.
A man is standing in the doorway of a building with a large mural portrait of a woman on the wall outside.
A woman walking through a parking lot with no shoes on.
A large group of what appear to be Indian women and children stand for a photo outside of a building.
Over a dozen people surrounding and taking pictures of two people in all covered head to toe in all silver, in an artistic pose.
A white dog is leaping in the air with a green object in its mouth.
A man in tan slacks and a white dress shirt is speaking into a microphone.
A young man playing nine ball billiards is aiming for the nine ball.
A brown dog is shaking his head while standing on sand.
A man is carrying many large bags that are hooked onto a pole.
Man reads newspaper in a park while drinking Starbuck's coffee.
A young man with brown hair and sunglasses sits by cans of soda.
A group of people stand outside talking during a gathering.
A woman is laying on a red blanket in a park.
Children and adults are playing on the beach.
A little girl is taking a picture outside.
The Sooners quarterback is waiting for the snap from his center.
Several people sit in the street, one eating a green apple.
A man juggling what looks like bowling pins, at night.
Young karate student stares into the mirror at his failure in life.
A young girl with a big smile, wearing brightly colored clothing helps prepare food in a narrow alley.
A blond-haired woman sits beside the body of water.
A boy picking leaves out of a puddle.
The girl in pink does a midair leg splits.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
A woman dressed in lingerie poses in a glamorous photo shoot.
A man in a wetsuit rides a surfboard on a wave with a bright sun and blue sky in the background.
A male on Rollerblades skating down a railing next to stairs.
A surfer riding a wave on a nice sunny day.
A young man wearing a black shirt and a young lady also wearing a black shirt are rollerblading outside.
A man in the winter standing on shoveled snow path next to a blueish black car.
A dark-haired man sitting at a table with a book and drinks.
A man with a gray beard is standing next to a woman in a brown jacket.
Four men and a woman are on stage answering questions about a book.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.
Four people, in colorful kayaks, are on the water on a sunny day.
A person wearing a bright green jacket, with a white helmet, red and blue backpack and goggles skis down a snowy mountainside.
A skateboarder uses a half pipe while people look on.
A woman looks out the window while riding on a red bus, with the company name "Go-Ahead" printed on the side.
A woman applies makeup to a man's face on the set.
A man is cutting wood planks with a table saw while another man watches.
An african american woman dressed in orange is hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.
Three children in bathing suits stand next a sand castle with water and waves in the background.
The skateboarder in the white shirt jumped into the air.
The girl in brown pants and black sweater writing something down on paper in front of the counter while the other person in the black and white sweater is looking away.
A soldier walks with two women and an older man down a street that is strewn with fall leaves.
A group of standing moped riders look off into the distance.
A boy in a dress vest is singing or speaking into a microphone and lights are hanging above him.
A young girl fishes in a small lake with a bamboo rod.
A bearded man wearing sunglasses is preparing food.
A soccer player, who is wearing white, just kicked a ball down the field.
A young man in a gray shirt and tight fitting jeans is about to ride his skateboard over a ledge.
A woman with red eyes and green makeup on her face, holds up a beige colored, ornately designed fan to cover her mouth.
Two female ice skaters, one wearing dark blue bent upwards, and the other wearing light blue bent downwards.
A man embraces a woman on a city balcony.
Woman with face mask on is holding a baby swaddled in white.
A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.
A woman wearing a straw hat walking and talking on the phone.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
An Asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path.
A woman assists a marathon runner by holding an umbrella over her and giving her water.
A husky breed dog is sniffing a horse's shoulder while the dog's owner is petting the two brown horses.
Young women and men dressed in costumes sitting and standing.
Two men are playing ice hockey at a rink.
A man in a brown shirt is pouring something granular in to a pool.
A man and woman walk away from the camera as a redheaded man walks in the other direction.
A man in a brown suit is talking threw a microphone.
Men and women in a crowd are holding signs.
Two speedboats, a white and a red one, seem to be racing each other along a body of water, with a cast green forest in the background.
A person is standing with one leg propped up with an object with a blue line in his left hand.
A child walking and leaving a trail behind them.
A man in an orange work suit with safety goggles on, mixing chemicals for work.
A mottled black and gray dog in a blue collar jumping over a fallen tree.
A school kid starring at a lemon juice shop feels like he wants to taste that juice.
Two women in a chair, sitting at a counter.
A boy in a white t-shirt does a trick with his skateboard in a skate park.
Two women are looking at pink flowers inside of a store.
In a laundry room, a man with a shaved head is looking intently in his laundry bag.
A guy with afro hair, gray sweater and jeans, skating on a skating ramp high up on the side touching grass.
A man in a hard hat and work clothes is leaning over a railing.
A little boy, who is standing outside in the at night, has snow on his face and he is crying.
Three blond woman are socializing at the bar.
Three large black dogs are playing on the shore near the ocean.
A woman in a pink shirt stands behind a table with many salad dressings, and paper plates.
Two members of a band are playing music.
A window washer dressed in black hangs outside of a building.
A street performer in a yellow shirt rides a high unicycle.
A woman wearing a white t-shirt, white shorts, and sunglasses.
A man dressed in a camouflage color outfit is holding a gun and aiming it at his target.
A little girl grasps her hands while sitting on a green and white striped towel in a grassy field.
A man and his dogs enjoying the lake from the dock.
A man wearing a strange contraption on a doorstep with four other people around him.
A little girl in a flower print bathing suit, jumping into the ocean.
A man and two women are seated outside on a wall next to a sheet of water with a tall white structure in the background.
A man on his hands and knees outside in the grass.
A group of men standing around talking outdoors.
Two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.
A boy takes something from a box being held by a man in a bunny suit.
A man is racing an unusual type of bike with many people watching him.
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
Two ladies next to a stroller inside a building.
A young man in a gray t-shirt, wearing glasses, is smearing something white on a colorful, decorated wall.
A group of men are in a barber shop.
A man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and Capri pants following closely behind him.
An older man is sitting at his desk, which is in front of a shop, reading cards.
A balding man wearing a dark, blue uniform is rolling a yellow stretcher containing a large, blue duffel bag.
Seven people are taking a break from skiing to chat in a snowy clearing.
A man in a vest walking across water and rocks.
Several people watch a presentation on stage with varying degrees of interest.
A woman is laying a blanket over fresh produce outside.
Two children talk at a skateboard park while a young man does a jump on a blue designed skateboard.
A man and a wife holding back a green curtain and staring out the window ledge.
A female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her.
A young man in a bicycle helmet rides on a street.
A terrier catches a ball in a field.
A large explosion occured near a red car at a gas station.
The #2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
A man in a blue unbuttoned shirt is walking through a local street market that is selling various fabrics.
Looking down from the top of a cliff, a man is climbing the cliff wall in an attempt to make it to the top.
A small animal leaps behind a larger animal, the larger animal's tail obscuring the smaller one's face.
A black and white dog is splashing in a stream.
A backhoe is on top of a pile of rubble from a demolished building.
A woman is using a mirror to show a young girl what her painted face looks like while a crowd looks on.
A young man in a blue tank top washing his face with water from a bucket.
A lady in a turquoise t-shirt is walking with her kids that are wearing baseball caps.
A boy chasing a pigeon on a pier.
A competitive motorcycle racer prepares to make a left turn along a paved road.
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans standing on a scaffold outside a building.
A little boy with blond-hair is sitting on the floor cutting something with scissors.
Football players are lined up on the field.
A white dog with black spots is jumping over a white fence.
A girl who looks upset with her arms crossed.
A man biking on a roadway with green lawns on both sides along with trees on the right side.
A surfer riding a wave on beautiful water.
A brown dog is carrying a wet stick on the shore of the ocean.
A person is reading a book while waiting.
Man looking through telescope at night with other people in the background.
A tiny red car is parked in front of hundreds of bicycles.
Here is a picture of customers standing in line of a Mexican Restaurant.
A man who is wearing all black is playing golf on a green field in front of a huge MasterCard sign as a huge crowd of people watch from the sidelines.
People standing in front of yellow building with the words "YOU ARE HERE" hanging upside down.
Women skaters on a skating rink in athletic equipment.
A little boy squats while playing with a yellow plastic shovel.
An older, male construction worker wearing a yellow vest climbing down from the roof of a building onto scaffolding.
There is a man wearing construction gear, standing next to a bulldozer that is picking up rubble and debris.
A little boy in a red outfit is on a man's shoulders.
Two people sit at a table with wine in front of them, and a sign with a fish reading: "IL PORTO" behind them.
A man with an orange jacket and blue hat climbing a snowy mountain.
People work together to get everything out of a truck.
A young girl jumps while playing a red and white guitar.
Three girls standing while one boys is sitting in front of a wall that is lit up, at night.
A man sitting with his daughter in his daughter's pink car in a grocery store.
An woman is posing for the camera in the park.
Two white males in a boxing ring, one with black gloves and red shorts that say PRZEMEK has blood spilling from his nose onto his chest and some has splattered on his right forearm, and his opponent is wearing black gloves and white shorts.
There is a woman in a sexy cop's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner, standing outdoors.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth.
Schoolgirls in uniforms march in a parade while playing flute-like instruments.
Youth loitering around the entrance of a business.
A kid sliding on base while playing baseball.
A girl in a black shirt with flowers is holding a black and white puppy.
A baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others.
A bicyclist is shown airborne with his bike at a vertical attitude above a marsh, with a river, a bridge, and an industrial plant in the background.
The boy is climbing up a rope ladder.
A man sitting in a cubicle at a desk talks on his cellphone.
Several people are crossing a street in the rain.
Three woman sit at a table littered with books and write down things in notebooks.
Two females standing next to each other looking up at the ceiling.
A firefighter sprays water onto a gigantic pile or burning ash that includes flames and dark smoke.
Outside asian festival with white words on red banners, a stage of judges behind a row of red flowers with lots of asian people standing by.
Group of people in a small dimly lit area reading something.
Man in white and woman in pink shawl facing body of water.
A guy is on the ground in a bullring near a half airborne white bull while another guy steps toward him.
A young rhythmic gymnastic is watching a yellow hula hoop go by during her routine.
A man singing into a microphone with a large "Truth" banner behind him.
A young boy and girl are sleeping in a bed.
A black dog with a red collar walks through the grass with his mouth open and tongue hanging out.
A middle-aged couple is dancing, the man is wearing a white dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up and the woman is wearing a black dress.
A blond woman wearing a green dress raises her hand and smiles in a room.
A woman with a pink hat is lacing the shoe of a little girl dressed in purple.
Athletes wearing helmets and jackets displaying logos of multiple sponsors walk down a road with an audience lined up along the road.
A girl is sunning herself with a purple towel over her face.
Two race cars swing around the corner of a racetrack with advertisements and spectators behind.
Six women wearing black jackets and bright red boas smile at the camera.
A woman and man dance on their wedding day.
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.
A young woman in equestrian gear is riding a brown horse in a green landscape.
A cyclist with a green backpack and a helmet riding the streets.
Two motorcycles and four riders are on the road.
A dog is jumping onto a young girl while outdoors.
A boxer wearing red is punching a boxer wearing white and blue, while both men are wearing boxing gear.
Three dogs running together on a paved walkway.
Sprinkler goes off in the middle of a crowd.
Woman in a black top carrying something to drink and a green plastic basket past a grill.
A man walking down a street beside a large white building.
A man is sitting on top of another man's shoulders, in a crowd, taking a picture.
A small South American child running on a cobblestone pathway, by a blue wall with a door.
Two Japanese women are holding brooms and walking on a sidewalk.
Two young girls are building wooden toys at a table.
Delicious barbecue had been prepared by a group of chef.
A young man runs with goggles above his eyes and a bungee cord tethered to him as a man on a bicycle with a white helmet laughs.
A man in a blue shirt and white cap cutting branches.
A woman is waiting to cross the street while another woman with a backpack stands near a bicycle.
Different people buying, and looking at different kinds of vegetables and flowers.
A lady wearing green and white shorts and top is on the beach clapping her hands.
A toddler in a blue shirt with red shorts and hat looks out from behind a fenced in area of a brick patio.
An attractive woman is karate kicking the air.
A man with glasses and a mustache is in the middle of a sentence.
A young woman is standing behind an information stall at the 2012 London Olympic Games.
A large women with short hair sleeping in a chair in public.
Three happy young men are in the outdoors waiting for their grilled food to be ready.
Two dogs one black the other brown on a sandy ground the tan dog is behind the black dog.
A young man plucking on his guitar in a waiting room.
A girl with a camera, looking at the screen.
A father is holding his two kids in his arms.
An older white male standing in front of the Golden Gate Bridge at the riverside painting or examining a portrait of said bridge.
A group of men of varying nationalities hold multiple American Flags and make peace signs for a picture.
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
A man in a black cape faces off against a young boy in a tracksuit.
Here is a picture of a man dressed in clothing form the 1800's and looks a lot like George Washington.
A male cook is using his apron as a backdrop to display the dish he has prepared on the grill.
One child is wearing a pink striped hat, while the other is wearing a white hat.
An arm with a tattoo is covering part of the picture of the couple.
A guy kisses another surprised looking man on the ear.
There is a small child playing in a green kiddy pool.
A girl in a polka dotted blue jean dress walks barefoot on a balance beam.
A man wearing a black jacket and pants sits slumped on a bench, with a banner in Spanish in the background.
One student argues with another over an assignment.
A man in glasses and a striped shirt sitting down and looking toward the camera.
A gray dog is leaping over a fallen tree.
A man in a white and blue kimono is using a broom to sweep pavement.
A crowd watches the start of a drag race at twilight.
The child is sitting in a large truck tire.
Two people wearing helmets and blue outfits are in the woods riding their bikes and doing stunts, while another person in blue sits on the side and watch.
A girl with a red headband is holding pink camera.
The lady in red is sitting in front of the fountain.
A gymnast wearing white is holding her head.
A group of dogs is pulling a sled over snow as the sun sets.
Construction worker in the middle of doing his job working on a house.
A tan dog is on top of and growling at a doberman wearing a collar in the grass.
The little girl in pink is standing in the doorway between the artwork on the walls.
A man wearing a black shirt and a girl wearing an orange shirt sitting on the pavement eating.
A little boy in a toy fireman's helmet playing outside with a saw.
A little boy wearing black and green shorts is digging in the sand with something colored orange.
A man with an injured arm watches three policemen as one addresses the police van driver and two others walk away from the van.
A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.
A man is in a hospital bed with oxygen hooked up to help him breathe better.
Two jugglers using flaming torches are performing for a crowd of people who are sitting on steps.
Old person walking down the sidewalk next to a white building.
Two older persons standing on a city sidewalk with a dog on a leash.
An older male looking at something in his hands as he walks through a field of wildflowers.
A man, dressed in a green jacket, sings into a microphone while playing guitar.
Three men are working together to pump gas from a barrel.
A male bicyclist throws his arms up in victory as he crosses the finish line on a paved roadway.
A basketball game with player in black uniform about to score while surrounded by players in white.
A person riding a horse as people watch.
A construction worker crouched and working on a busy street wearing a bright vest.
A man is traveling down the street in a vehicle pulled by a horse.
Four people are standing outdoors by a railing.
A woman in a white top standing next to a dishwasher and sink.
A man is looking at a young woman who is wearing a cap and biting her nails.
Two young children are playing in the living room with some toys.
A police officer wearing dark pants, a long-sleeved blue shirt, white gloves, a white hat, and an orange "TRAFFIC" vest is standing in the street directing vehicles.
A woman sits on the curb next to a scooter talking to a man.
A woman holding a small child is standing outside a Chinese restaurant.
A crowd is standing on a road in between tall buildings.
A small boy walking a dog on a leash by a lake.
A girl with a pink striped shirt is walking up a set of stone stairs.
A skier flies through the air while doing a trick.
Two professional hockey players skating by each other on the ice.
Toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings.
A woman giving a presentation using a slideshow projection.
A little white boy dressed in winter clothes standing by a tree in the snow.
Young girl picking buttercups on a pretty day.
A man with glasses dressed up as a zombie.
A man in a tutu waterskies in a lake surrounded by snow.
Young girl stirs a pot with a spoon in the kitchen while wearing a large black blanket.
A man and woman are dressed in renaissance attire.
A baby in a hospital sleeping in a crib.
Children who are holding their hands up while sitting on a gym floor.
A young boy who is wearing a helmet looks at a bicycle.
A guard is on the look out while on duty.
A girl with black hair and braces is wearing sunglasses and posing with a wooden robot.
A group of children and adults are sitting on the floor.
A band sitting in front of a game score board.
A lady in black pants, white t-shirt with red writing across breast, doing a stretch exercise on top of a concrete sphere with a 18th century building surrounding the sphere.
A man sits alone in a diner reading a book.
A tattooed man holds a young child who is clutching money.
A young boy wearing a green and gray jacket is about to hammer an object.
A skateboarder jumps a railing next to a street.
A waitress is performing in a restaurant with her arms spread out and a top hat in her left hand.
A dog is attempting a turn by a nearby picnic bench and metal object.
One man looks nervous about eating a small animal limb with chopsticks.
A group of people carrying shopping bags and baskets talks to each other in the middle of a sidewalk at night.
Getting familiar with his trade as a filipino child arms maker.
Someone in a blue and white striped sweater is eating and the dog next to them is interested in their food.
Four men wearing orange vests are digging with shovels.
A man in a white outfit is playing an electric keyboard.
A girl in pink is on the shoulders of a mustached man.
Women and children washing clothes by the river with green trees by the banks.
Group of four people in hiking gear standing in front of a forest of trees.
Two older boys ice skating with a small boy in between them.
A young man with a white sweatshirt on rides his bike through a busy crowd.
A man in front of a building is excitedly pointing to the building which says "Museum Campus".
A couple enjoying a sunset on a cruise.
An older man with a yellow blouse is reading something while he stands on stage.
Woman drinks from a jar just after exiting the shower.
A man recording a woman crying in the street.
An old woman with a gray hat sits on the gravel covered ground in front of large stone blocks knitting a sock.
A man is kneeling on a metal roof and is looking over a structure on the roof.
Several people dressed in Indian clothing are talking to each other.
A little kid, with a red toy, is sitting on a tire.
Two people in heavy clothes are walking up a gradual grassy incline.
A man in a truck, with sheep in the background and a little boy looking out the window of the truck, appears to be preparing to pour the contents of a sack into some kind of funnel.
One army man doing some push ups while another one is kneeling right next to him.
A young boy is splashing through a puddle of water.
A woman in a red skirt with flowers is walking down the street.
An elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water.
Two girls and a man were peeling corn.
Two women dressed in black pants and white tops positioned identically with a black backdrop.
Two men on a traffic light making faces.
These kids are having fun playing a soccer game.
A woman in a beige blazer and sunglasses stares toward a man in a striped t-shirt, who is staring at two smiling women in military attire on a city sidewalk.
A man on a motorbike is leading the horse with another man on its back.
Group of people sitting and standing next to a fountain.
A crowd of people standing at an Asian gathering.
A laughing baby is surrounded by balls of various colors.
A group of people stand in the dirt near two station wagons, with some sacks in the back of a station wagon and other sacks piled on the dirt.
Four men and one woman in blue outfits are standing together in a street with onlookers in the background.
Five musicians, three woman and two men, looking out over a wall with their instruments behind their back.
An Asian factory worker posing for the camera.
The girl stands outside in the cold wearing a warm hat and looking off into the distance.
A young boy with a striped red shirt smiling at the bottom of a slide.
A woman in a red shirt competes in an endurance sport.
A cyclist who is resting and rehydrating himself.
A woman is coming up to street level from the subway.
Pakistani boy in brown oversized shirt selling sandals on the side of the street.
A woman checks her rings while standing next to another woman in front of a mirror.
A man is standing on two ladders, looking scared.
A person in a red jacket on top of rocks.
A woman with a young child standing in gravel and pointing at the photographer.
Four police officers dressed in riot gear are maintaining a crowd that includes a man dressed as a clown.
A dog with its mouth open is walking on a path on a garden which is next to a lake or a stream.
A grandfather playing with his family on a playground.
A young boy in a pullup is covered in marker ink.
An older woman adding spices to food she is preparing.
A man in a green hoodie holds a fishing pole and stands on a rock that overlooks the sea.
An artist shows off his work to a large crowd of people who appear to be listening intently to the artist's description of his display.
An Asian woman waiting at an underground train stop.
Two men in orange outfits clean up garbage spilled on the street.
A soccer participant is trying to hit a ball while an opposing team member runs behind him.
A couple talking together having drinks in a quiet booth.
A group of people stand outside at night talking.
This red color bike is very nice, I would like to have one.
Women are sitting on the ground with a doll, while a child pretends to take care of the doll.
The man is standing behind his opened back hatch of his vehicle.
This is a young man jumping midair on a trampoline.
A woman and child signing a large white banner.
A man with a beard is using a sewing machine.
A woman is looking happily at a plate of food.
Someone is in a speed boat on the water.
A fisherman throws his net off of a pier in the early morning or late evening.
A person scales the rock while another focuses on equipment.
A mixed sex group wear lobster bibs and wield mallets as they dine on crab at a restaurant.
A person wearing a dark blue covered up attire from head to toe, with a mask and vest, holding a thin sword.
A man is wearing a shirt that reads, "Mambo" with an image of a baby and a teddy bear.
A man in a yellow shirt and a woman in a blue jacket are talking with stone buildings in the background.
A man is sitting outside a window painting the windowsill.
A man with glasses and a beard sits next to a girl with a pink sweater with three children in front of them.
A young boy frowning as he holds a vacuum cleaner in front of a stove.
A woman wearing a floral necklace makes a drink and smiles.
A group of students working together in a classroom.
A father is holding a crying infant on his chest.
People are setting up chairs on a beach.
A man in a pink and green shirt is riding down what appears to be a parade route while on a tiny bicycle.
A shirtless man in blue holding up a large blue rod and looking at the camera.
A man on a train is talking on a cellphone.
A race car driver showering himself with champagne.
A man is jumping off the grass while holding onto a giant white balloon.
Two people are riding in a canoe near a forest.
Five elderly women sitting around watching and elderly man.
A woman in a black dress smoking a cigarette outside.
Someone wearing a large hat is sitting on colorful blankets working a loom with a pair of men's dress shoes in front of him.
Blond woman with a pink helmet is sitting on a motorcycle.
A woman in patterned blue jeans and a green sweater walks away whilst carrying a brown plastic bag.
A guy wearing jeans and a white shirt is on a skateboard in midair.
A Spanish guitar paler and a lady dancer performing on stage.
A man smokes a cigar as he walks the city street.
A young woman with blond-hair, wearing a tan cap and black shirt, smiles at the camera.
A musician with long hair performs on a stringed instrument.
A man with a beard is holding a guitar while seated in front of a microphone.
A young boy is sitting in front of a computer and typing words onto the screen.
A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water.
A redhead little girl in a gray hoodie with a hot pink vest is blowing bubbles.
A young man attempts a tricky maneuver on his skateboard along a graffiti-covered wall in a park.
Many pigeons are crowded around the feet of a woman in a blue tank-top and ripped, blue jeans.
A little boy wearing a blue helmet and full set of pads is riding a scooter down the walk.
A group of people in the snow, one is bending over to touch a snowshoe on his foot.
A young man is in midair while skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background.
A dog running on a trail in the mountains.
Several people walk in a pedestrian shopping street.
People in costume standing around a tree in a forest.
A young woman with blond-hair, wearing a short-sleeve gray shirt and blue jean shorts, prepares food for a barbecue.
A young man is taking a bag of trash to the dumpster, after picking up litter on the street.
Young child in a bright red shirt smiles with enjoyment as she is hoisted into the air.
A older man is wearing a white shirt, sitting outside and taking a nap.
A woman in a Vegas looking show girl costume in a blue and white feathered headdress moves ahead of a crowd of blue-shirted individuals.
A woman holding a flower stands in front of a marketplace tableau of vibrant green produce, including, lettuce of various types, cactus, radishes, and various herbs.
A man is playing a tuba with other men around him holding other musical instruments.
A group of people are out on watercraft in the middle of the ocean.
A little girl wearing striped pants, a pink top, and boots follows two older girls on horseback.
Two wrestlers, one wearing mainly red and the other mainly blue are on a mat in a wrestling position.
Being exposed to hot sun like this can cause skin cancer.
A black man standing alone outside in a long overcoat.
An Asian woman in a white shirt working with machinery giving the peace sign.
There are two children playing in a playground.
A woman in a black skirt suit is speaking with another woman in a boat.
A man hammering a nail on a piece of wood in bare feet.
A young shirtless man drops into a half pipe at a local skate park.
One man lays on a city stoop while another rests his head on a garbage can.
Women in jackets sitting in a theater, smiling.
A woman in a black and tan jacket, tan hat and red pants has just putted a golf ball.
The brown dog is running in the water licking his nose.
A man in a kayak on a diving board over a pool of water.
A group of people have gathered behind two men in turbans.
A guy drinking from a big silver cup, content of which is unknown.
Two men wearing blue shirts and dark pants are shaking hands.
The tail of the airplane has a yellow circle with what appears to be an animal in the center.
A man with dreadlocks is playing with the hair of a woman who is sitting on a chair on a cobblestone street.
Team Great Britain cycles to the finish line.
A daredevil in a red shirt taking a jump.
A construction worker with a beard, wearing a hat and sunglasses is cutting concrete with a concrete saw, kicking up a lot of dust, while his coworkers just sit there and watch.
The red skirt of a female dancer swirls while her feet and her male partner's feet dance on concrete.
A man in a black shirt is making a video recording of another man in a black shirt.
A smiling man with long hair and a beard is standing outside, wearing a teal jumpsuit, a hat, and protective ear-gear.
A man in a yellow and gray jacket takes a picture of a woman in a white coat carrying a red bag.
A man and a woman standing with a group of spectators.
Group of sitting asian children all dressed in white polos and navy blue pants.
A man with a torch is heating up a roof and laying down a layer of tar paper.
A man with a bandanna on his head is perched in a tree holding an ax.
There is a guy on a sidewalk in winter jumping for joy!
Two rodeo clowns, one young and one an adult, waiting their ques.
The street sweeping crew cleans the street with a crowd of people in the background.
The guard drives towards the basket during a college basketball game.
A race car is observed by the crowd.
Only the letters "AND" are clearly visible as the little boy in the red shirt leans out the window below.
Seven people are wading in a natural pool.
Two young, dark-skinned girls are smiling and laughing.
Four women in dresses and three men in black suits standing in front of a microphone singing.
A man and woman stand at the altar to say their vows and get married.
A man mows the lawn at an orchard, careful to avoid the hedges and flowers on either side of him.
A woman with a chinese hat on leaning on the wall standing behind a cut out of snow white in front of some store windows.
A man in white pants is sitting in the street on a wooden chair.
A man in a plaid jacket is cutting fabric with several colorful strands of fabric behind him.
Young girl waving turquiose leotard and pink tutu with wings waving wand.
A man with reflective safety clothes and ear protection drives a John Deere tractor on a road.
An older woman with three children and one of the children is crying.
A black dog is looking through the fence.
A black woman in colorful clothes is holding her right hand up.
The small boy in the red hat has a cracker.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
A man in glasses smiles as he answers the phone in the office.
A young boy, wearing an orange shirt, is standing outside, while a man in a green shirt pours mulch from a bag.
Three young musician in a band performing by female singing and two males playing guitars.
An elderly man watches a younger man grill various foods.
A girl is looking over a boy's shoulder as he reads a book.
A woman wearing overalls standing at an easel painting a picture.
The handle on the mug is small and would be difficult to hold with large hands.
A long-haired dog is playing with a small, blue bat.
A group of backpackers treks across a green hill with snowcapped mountains off in the distance.
Man with gray hair telling a story to a group of younger people on a bench.
A kid gets prepared to hit a volleyball.
Two guys playing soccer going towards the goal.
A black man and a white woman, both wearing maroon shirts, are holding a sign between them that reads "Maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody" in all caps.
A brown dog with green collar holding a stick in its mouth.
Closeup of a pair of feet in mid jump while playing hopscotch.
An Amish woman in purple is attached a buggy to a horse.
Some construction workers are on a platform doing work to a building.
Two dogs tussling over a stuffed toy on a yard, with a boat in its carrier the background.
A brown dog is running across the yard with its toy in its mouth.
At least seven people surfing with kites in a lake.
An audience is watching and waiting for something to happen.
A man is using the stick thing to control the clown puppet.
A person wearing a white jumpsuit is riding a fast moving motorcycle on a racetrack.
Four men, 3 in white lab coats and one wearing black jacket, surveying bread buns in industrial kitchen.
High school students watching something and taking pictures.
A man dressed in black is bowling in an attempt to knock down the last pin at a bowling alley.
A group of men sitting on the floor of a windowless room.
The band is playing music for the dancers.
A group of people are standing on a beach near to a white sunshade.
A boy in a padded helmet is bouncing on an indoor trampoline.
A woman wearing a gray shirt and blue jeans sitting on a gray bench.
A girl with a purple shirt with a heart on it is making an electrical switch.
A man in a blue shirt is having a drink next to a lady.
Two people sitting on the beach at sunset.
An elder man, wearing celebratory attire, plays a percussion instrument and is singing outdoors.
A classic propeller-driven airplane flies in the distance as two men play with a remote-controlled toy airplane in a field in the foreground.
A man sitting at a table using a notebook computer.
Man with a beard in a gray shirt looking in mirror and shaving his head.
A man sitting playing guitar and mouth piece at the same time.
A girl is playing the violin in the street while her band mate on the guitar is talking on her cellphone with a confused look.
A man wearing a white t-shirt with a green number 3 on the back is on his knees shining black shoes propped up on a box labeled "SHOESHINE".
A man wearing white winds up to throw.
Two men, one looking at a screen with a drum next to him, while the other is a man dressed in a white shirt is talking into a microphone.
Two people sit in beach chairs with their child in front of them as waves come crashing in on a very sandy beach.
An entertainer is making balloon animals for children.
A person is coming down a yellow water slide into a pool.
A young girl rides a unicycle next to another riding a scooter on a busy street.
A person wearing blue workman's clothing on an assembly line.
There are several people and children looking into water with a blue tiled floor and goldfish.
Three people are walking down a dirt path.
A man gets excited in a nightclub and throws his arms in the air.
A little girl in pink dragging a little boy on a gray cover.
A man at a park is taking pictures.
Two people wearing white outfits sparring in front of a group of people.
Two women are observing something at a meeting.
A woman on the side of the picture typing on a keyboard with a laptop computer in front of her.
The tow boys, one older, the other younger, are looking at the camera.
A man with one leg throwing a disk outdoors.
A black and white dog running on the beach while a man stands behind it.
A hockey player is attempting to take a shot on the opposing team's goal.
People sit and watch as a street performer is singing.
A woman is sitting on a beach with her shoes off and on a cellphone talking, scratching her shoulder, while a group of 5 other people are walking in the background.
A person dressed in pink on a bicycle along with runners going down a street.
A woman is cooking food in a kitchen.
People in mid move while attending a dancing class.
A woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat.
Three people, one with a black shirt, one with a navy blue jacket, and one with a red t-shirt, working in an office with a large messy bookshelf.
A woman with a large purse is walking by a gate.
A boy in a red uniform is attempting to avoid getting out at home plate, while the catcher in the blue uniform is attempting to catch him.
Basketball player in orange trying to score through three men from the opposing team.
A man is using his computer in a kitchen.
A pregnant woman and a man eating out of a bowl sit across a metal table with red chairs.
Two women in blue suits are sitting on the cement outdoors with concrete and long shaped glass windows behind them.
Men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working.
A woman holding a young boy in a day care center.
Young men are watching a woman walk down stairs.
A woman is sitting down reading a book.
A woman with a umbrella walking past a pole and people looking at a little dog.
A toy lego set is featured in the foreground while a woman and child play with it in the background.
Two females walking down the street with shopping bags.
A man pulling a cart full cleaning supplies.
An old man with arms outstretched sits against a wooden wall between a woman and another man.
Passersby look on at an accident involving an SUV and a bicyclist.
A crowd of black people are gathered and one person has a backpack on.
A blond woman with a braid in her hair is riding the bus.
A couple in black clothes are walking towards a white gate.
A boy on a deck with a red bucket on his head.
Two men, one sitting, one standing, are playing their guitars on stage while the audience is looking on.
A woman is rock climbing up a steep face.
A man walking on the street listening to music.
A blond woman, who is sitting outside in the grass, is applying face paint and looking in a mirror.
Workman are completing repairs on a city street.
Two men in matching jackets and sunglasses walk down a street.
A horse walking by the side of the water pulling something.
Two men in zip-up jackets sit on a bench eating while one rests with eyes closed.
A little girl patting a pile of sand on the beach.
A man with a black cap holding and looking at a small child.
A male is leap frogging near a pond.
The gentlemen wait not speaking to one another.
A man dressed in black wearing odd headgear swings a staff.
Girl dressed in a black long-sleeve shirt is putting a star on top of a Christmas tree.
A woman in an apron shopping at a market.
A group of sunbathers lies on the rocks on towels and blankets.
An woman in a red swim cap and black goggles swims laps in her lane.
A woman in a pink shirt examines her camera.
A woman in a pink shirt is trying to catch another woman as she slides into a baseball base.
A boy kissing a girl on the cheek!
First responders look at car that has slid off a snowbank and flipped over.
A bike rider and other pedestrians are pictured in front of a beautifully preserved historical building.
A man sitting at a desk fixing a typewriter.
An old man, sitting on a bench, watching traffic go by.
Person in a red shirt standing in the street next to a car with many decals on it.
A group of sports players from Argentina are on a basketball court.
A man playing soccer is on the ground picking up the ball from the field while the game is in play.
A dog jumps into a swimming pool after a toy.
Two football teams are in the middle of a play as white jerseys and the opposing green jerseys are in all positions of motion while scrambling for the football.
A girl in gray and a guy in stripes pose against a fence.
Man standing between two large piles of coconuts with their green husks still on.
A man and a woman stop to take a picture in an outdoor setting.
A man with a dog is carrying a canoe through a wooded area.
Two women sit at a table with food, smiling at the camera.
A woman carries a bag with bright pink lettering.
A woman in a skimpy bathing suit walks away.
A Group of people wearing white headbands with two white fluffy balls on each one.
There is a group of young men huddled in a circle, seemingly singing.
There are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.
One person is sitting on a maroon couch looking out into the street from inside a storefront while another peers out from behind the wall.
A man and a woman do the jitterbug on the dance floor while onlookers cheer.
Two men, one wearing a cowboy hat and a black shirt and the other with his eyes closed and wearing a black baseball cap and a plaid blue shirt are playing guitars, as a woman with a plastic cup watches.
Outside the window you can see an area of dirt that appears muddy from the rain.
Young girl eating a bowl of cereal out of a big white bowl.
A man examining something under a magnifying lens.
The girl is playing with her dog in her driveway.
A woman is walking on concrete and carrying a shopping bag.
Guy in a green sweater is on stage with his instrument.
A man is preparing food at an outdoor food shop in what looks like a poor country.
Motorcyclist entering a motorcycle cage in front of a large crowd.
An Asian woman with glasses intently works on her laptop at a desk of a business.
A picture of a woman in a shaded room doing her exercises.
A blond woman in a pink striped shirt is singing in a microphone.
A march for a cause is happening in a city area.
Three women wearing sleeveless shirts are busy working on something.
A man and a young blond boy are sitting in front of a tray full of buns.
A construction worker checking out the building site.
Several people are milling about outside a large off-white colored house with a terra cotta roof while someone in the distance takes their picture.
Two couples sitting at separate tables eating in a restaurant.
An officer stands next to cars parked on a street.
A young woman in a helmet attaches a pulley to a cable.
A man walks into a maroon building as a dog looks on.
A girl in a black shirt looks at the camera while eating an apple and another smiles while looking downward.
A blond boy carrying a wheelbarrow with grass in it.
A girl with blue highlights watches a dog leap to catch a frisbee.
A snowboarder makes a jump against a wooded background.
Two clowns dressed in makeup and elaborate clothing stand together with their instruments.
A man walking in the desert wearing a hat, khaki shirt and shorts and very dark sky ahead of him.
A blond man with a light beard, wearing a dark, short-sleeved shirt, bundles wheat.
The man on the left dodges his attacker's strike.
Five children spin around on a playground roundabout; three lay on their backs, while one attempts to pull himself up with both arms, and another holds onto the side while sitting up.
Three young boys wearing dark colored pants are running on a track.
Two Asians engage in a staring contest while they wait for the train.
A man wearing a yellow shirt is riding a large riding lawn mower, which is spraying cut grass behind him; pine trees are visible in the background.
A man and four teenage boys are raking a baseball diamond.
A guy is restrained by security in front of a Samsung bus stop advertisement.
A girl in a bathrobe holding a plate of food stands next to a boy holding utensils and a red cup.
Two women with stethoscopes and a man with a blue hairnet on working tedious over an unknown object or person.
A man is riding a bucking horse in an event.
A girl in jeans sitting on a white couch and smiling.
Thin woman with bindi, black hair and a gold watch holding a steering wheel in a blue vehicle.
A woman in pigtails talks to the red-hatted man under the shade of a tree.
A boy in a swimming suit is diving into a pool.
A group of people are gathered to talk about something important.
A man wearing jeans and a t-shirt plays guitar for a smiling woman and child as they sit on a staircase near red and orange balloons.
Five children spin around on a playground roundabout; three lay on their backs, while one attempts to pull himself up with both arms, and another holds onto the side while sitting up.
Two people are digging the ground by a bunch of boats.
A woman on a scooter with a cigarette hanging out of her mouth.
A white man with long hair and beard in sunglasses has his legs folded while posing in front of a store.
People are outside dancing at a night event while the entertainment sings and plays instruments on a well lit stage.
Construction workers engaging in a day of outdoor work.
Two female members of team USA performing a jump high-five surrounded by two other female members.
A boy on a swing wearing a green shirt is making hand gestures.
The old women is looking at the fresh produce.
A male athlete wearing a white shirt and white pants is running past the crowd while holding a golden torch.
A bicycle race is in process, and one bicyclist has his arms in the air as the others have their heads down and their hands on their handlebars.
A man is using a leaf-blower on the outside of a house.
A baby wearing a brown hat and striped shirt is sitting in a child's swing.
A line of people has formed under a sign while other people lie on the ground.
A woman is looking out the window up at the sky.
A family along with their household pets are taking an outdoor trip during the winter.
Two people are dressed in animal costumes and are walking down a street.
A woman carrying another woman wearing matching exercise attire on her back.
A man observes a painting while another person attempts to recreate the same painting.
A rock climber looks up while traversing a route.
A young girl is jumping in the air at the beach.
A woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.
Two friends next to a closed shop door embrace.
Two football players become entangled while they are both going for the ball.
Firemen stand outside a burning building with lots of smoke.
A man in a white shirt, standing with his hands over his head in a seated crowd.
Two men are holding a sheep while a little kid sits on top of the sheep.
A man is doing a jump on the surfboard near other people in the water.
Armed forces are walking in an area littered with trash.
An older man is cutting the hair of a customer in his barber shop with floral walls.
A woman in an orange dress opens a numbered briefcase, revealing an image of a hammer.
A man sits in a white room amongst various scientific-looking machinery.
A man on a sanitation truck waits for a job to be finished.
A group of people are having a picnic at the park.
A man wearing white boxers is bathing outside using an orange bucket.
Three boys play with paddles on the beach.
There is a girl decorating for an event and a man is standing next to her smiling, and an island poster in the distance.
A child wearing shorts is moving a window screen.
A young girl dressed all in pink is standing on a fence and looking at a horse.
A man, dressed in a red, white, and blue uniform, is jumping backwards over a yellow and red pole.
A man holding a plate of food and a pair of tongs.
A man and a woman are in the city smiling.
Two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence.
Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.
A college baseball player runs the bases while a pitcher throws.
Woman describing software to a customer at a convention.
A man wearing a bib with a red crab on it is trying to decide if he wants to eat a boiled crab.
Joggers and other pedestrians enjoy an evening stroll across a bridge.
A tattooed man dress in black with an orange hat sings and plays the guitar.
A man surfing on a green surfboard in a wave.
Republicans have a "I stole all your money hahaha" outdoor barbecue.
A woman speaking on her cellphone by an ornate black iron door.
People with small children on a brick ground, one man points to something for a child to see.
People sitting on a curb in front of a building with asian writing on it.
High school football players practice while coach watches.
Two dogs are playing out in a yard.
A man in a straw hat playing the drum.
Two people riding a bike are riding towards a stop sign.
A young boy is kneeling on a white floor next to an orange cloth.
There are many people sitting in a dimly lit room talking.
A girl with long pigtails and a barbie bag touching the orange poles along with other little girls wearing a white shirt and blue shorts.
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.
An older man with a "slow" sign smiles at the camera.
A lady with blond-hair is walking briskly down the street.
A woman employee at a best buy seems to be using the computer.
A man and woman wearing backpacks are standing near a tall tree stump with a stone wall in the background.
An elderly man with a long gray beard is playing his flute while sitting on the ground.
Several speed boats are racing with people dressed in red aboard them.
A man with no shirt sits on a rock in front of a blue building with a tin roof.
A woman is talking on a cellphone on the curb in front of a restaurant.
A person with a white coat is walking outside a stone building.
A man in a flame-themed shirt is looking at barbecue tools.
A chef prepares food in a storefront window.
Two male friends sit at table in a restaurant discussing bar camp, which one advertises with a small sign.
It looks as though a soldier is sleeping in a car on his way home after a deployment.
A woman wearing headphones is performing aerobic exercise in a home setting on a piece of exercise equipment, with other exercise equipment visible in the background.
A bus rider wearing a blue shirt looks out of the window.
Two children, a boy in a blue shorts suit and a girl in a blue jumper, have a conversation in the hallway of a church.
A man in a black shirt and cap playing piano.
A cook is preparing food in a restaurant.
An Asian boy in a red shirt holds onto an aqua balloon.
A group of people in robes singling and playing instruments.
Several children are standing on a sidewalk playing a game.
A woman using a hoe near her crops on a farm.
A dog catching a biscuit in its mouth.
Woman stretching in a kitchen while mixing ingredients in a bowl.
Man dressed in drag pointing at his open mouth.
Two men are playing a guitar for money on the street, and there are dogs on leashes around them.
A man with long hair and a blue shirt is sitting outside with his guitar case open, laughing as a young girl sits and watches.
A couple fishing on the waters edge standing on the rocks.
Two people are riding bicycles along a road.
Closeup of a man in a bar, holding his glasses slanted in front of his face.
Man performing, playing an instrument for a crowd.
Two chinese men looking at papers on a table.
A woman is standing and wearing a green and yellow scarf.
A snowboarder wearing a red coat sails over the snow doing a trick down a mountain.
A dark-haired man is looking closely at something in an art museum.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
Two men sitting down outside and looking at a magazine picture of a woman in a bikini.
A couple gazing out into the ocean from a bridge.
A woman with black pants, a pink long-sleeve shirt and a black purse is standing at Mud's food truck looking at the menu.
A person in blue shorts and wearing a Walkman jogs.
A man wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt hangs from a window pulley up in the air while next to a white building.
A male basketball player wearing a black uniform is trying to block a male basketball player wearing a white uniform.
Two women are doing dishes in their kitchen.
A man wearing black pants is sitting on a bench holding a stick.
A woman with a ponytail and wearing a floral patterned dress is holding a teacup and saucer while speaking with another woman who is also wearing a floral patterned dress.
A man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace.
A woman wearing blue and red walks through a rustic urban area.
Two girls enjoy corn on the cob while sitting on a curb.
A white dog holds a stick while swimming.
A cyclist is attempting to go down the steps on his bike.
Two people are sitting on a road near an inflatable slide that has Santa Claus on it.
A surfer in a black surf suit with a white surfboard riding on some greenish looking waves somewhere.
A construction worker with tattoos on his arms is bending while working, and he is wearing shorts and a blue hard hat.
A woman crouches near three dogs in a field.
A man is lying on the floor after slipping on the stairs and injuring himself.
A woman playing softball, running to catch the ball.
Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.
A man in a white shirt listening to music.
A woman with wavy short red-hair and glasses wearing a tan sleeveless shirt is walking down a street.
A woman with glasses is holding an item which produces a lot of smoke.
A person para-glides on the shore of a large body of water, heading towards an unseen landing location.
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms.
A guy is jumping and grabbing his foot with a house in the background.
A middle-aged man in a white hate, navy sweater, and khaki pants is putting a golf ball.
A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.
Indoor scene of a woman in yellow with her back to the camera, and a man wearing a bandanna looking at something across the room.
A man in a dirty apron is checking on something in his wood fired oven.
A dog with a blue ball running in a field.
A person riding a bike on a snowy road.
A woman on a phone standing next to a group of musicians.
A young girl making a pattern to design clothes.
A very young blond girl wearing pink pants with white polka dots is sitting on a wooded trail in a forest.
Two dogs jumping for a ball, with a third carrying a Frisbee.
An old man playing the violin while sitting down.
A man does tricks with his bicycle in a skate park.
A man talks to a laughing woman at a restaurant.
Three people are talking while two of them are drinking.
With flowers in the foreground, a man in a blue striped shirt bikes past a large white building.
As a young man picks up and holds a machine gun a boy a little older than him is putting a hat on his head.
The dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass.
Middle school aged kids are showing their school spirit at a pep rally.
A man washing windows is suspended outside a building on a seat on a rope with a bucket hanging on the side of the seat.
A skater is jumping down the stairs on his skateboard.
Two people, one man, one woman are playing musical instruments.
A man is biking down the street while holding a ladder, off to the side, a man is carrying a large bucket and two sticks.
A young man dressed in jeans, a white t-shirt, and blue hat is sitting on his skateboard.
A woman serves a cup of soup from a large pot of soup.
Several asian people are eating together around a table.
Two men are here and working together at the John Deere 7200 type of machine or vehicle outside in the open air.
A smiling man in a blue jacket and black vest stands in front of a crowd of marchers near a red tent with green trees in the background.
A group of teens sit on steps watching a man and woman.
A little girl wearing a blue sweater holding the string out on a pink yo-yo.
A man taking a picture of a dog on a dune.
A woman is smiling at the bearded man sitting in the lawn chair next to her.
A man in black tux with blue tie holding a baby boy.
Two men dressed in robes practice their snake charming skills.
A guy has position his put for his swing to hit the ball in a golf tournament.
A small boy, fully dressed, playing in the sand.
A group of men playing soccer, most of them looking at one man in black.
Woman with pink polka dot backpack holding a child.
An onlooker in a crowd, takes a picture of performers on a stage.
A man in a red and black suit is riding on a white motorcycle.
The boy is wearing a cardboard scuba mask at the restaurant.
A dog running at a park, with a park bench in the background.
A woman is sitting near a boy that is eating.
A very happy man in a colorful shirt is dancing.
A man in uniform tries to find something with the help of a sniffing dog.
Two men on motorcycles are racing at a track.
Four young boys are standing around a grill.
A young child wearing a blue shirt and red hat grabs onto black bars in front of him.
People of all ages casually relaxing on stairs in front of a college building.
A man dressed in a military uniform bends over to speak to a person sitting on the sidewalk.
A man is trying to break up a fight between two wrestlers.
Pedestrian in the street finds a broom and takes to the streets cleaning up trash and crime.
A dog walking around with his leash but not with his owner.
A woman is confronting someone about something she feels upset by.
An older woman with shoulder length gray hair, wearing sunglasses leaning against a waist high wall looking up.
Two men, one wearing a teal shirt and shin guards lay horizontally on logs with their backpacks in sight.
Two professional stock car racers during a race.
A couple kiss in front of amusement rides on a pier.
Two women and a man removing brush weed out of their yard after a storm.
A group of people are sitting around a large white banner that says "From New York."
Two young girls sit in lawn chairs in the woods as a tin-wrapped potato cooks on a grill.
A man in a blue sweater and baseball cap is working with wood.
A man in the snow on a ramp working on an ice sculpture.
A boy sitting on a dinosaur chair holding a blue object.
A man in a gray shirt and gray pants is sleeping outside in a wooden chair.
A young woman smiles as she shoots a gun at an indoor target range, as an older man looks on mirthlessly.
A musician is posing while playing an odd-shaped guitar.
Woman with hair in low ponytail, with the number 43 on her leg, is running wearing green shoes and a green outfit.
A boy tries to take a stick from a small, brown dog.
The children are sitting with their shoes off.
Employee in pink shirt smiles for camera inside a restaurant kitchen.
A view through a door into a small tiled room where a man and two children are asleep on the floor.
A child in snow gear sliding down a slide in winter.
Two children dressed as clowns are swinging on ropes above other children, who are also in costume.
A short white hair women in front of a wooden lattice door wearing ethnic clothes, beads, and scandal, brushing a clay stoop with a bunch of long green leaves on stems.
A blond woman on her cellphone clutching her wallet.
A man and woman are standing in front of an advertisement on a wall while she looks at it, he looks away.
A girl in a black shirt is smiling as she works behind a bar.
A picture of people congregated around a street sign in french.
An african-american boy is suspended above a crowd in front of a large number of boats.
A teenage male goes urban surfing in a small body of water with a modified surfboard for a crowd of people with lush trees in the background.
