Elixir belongs to the oriental olfactive family, which is known to contain intense and long lasting fragrances.
M-99 is maintained by the Michigan Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) like other state highways in Michigan.
The case was argued before Judge ( and later President ) William Howard Taft, who held that the federal court could not prevent the removal of officers by injunction.
A member of the 12th Reinforcements, he embarked for the Western Front via Egypt on 1 May 1916.
Several Einsatzgruppen leaders, including Ohlendorf, claimed at the trial to have received an order before Operation Barbarossa requiring them to murder all Soviet Jews.
A provincial tour of Pagan in the Parlour began in September 1952 and it appeared that the play would be a hit.
Photographs taken by Malcolm Browne of the self-immolation quickly spread across the wire services and were featured on the front pages of newspapers worldwide.
The Cronica is also an incredibly rich historical record; its greatest value to modern historians is its descriptions of the people, data, and events experienced by Villani during his lifetime.
The process of recycling copper is roughly the same as is used to extract copper but requires fewer steps.
Between 1986 and 1988, the demand for a separate state of Gorkhaland and Kamtapur based on ethnic lines grew strong.
The memorial is one of eighteen Civil War monuments in Washington, D.C., which were collectively listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Paul was assigned to serve on the Energy and Natural Resources, Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, Homeland Security and Government Affairs, and Small Business committees.
Random Access Memories entered the Canadian Albums Chart at number one with 46,000 copies sold, the biggest one-week sales total in Canada of 2013.
A "Hospice called le Old Inne by Pauls Wharfe" is listed in the possessions of Edward, Duke of York, who was killed at Agincourt in 1415.
The 1760s saw a growth in the intensity of litigation against state officers, who, using general warrants, conducted raids in search of materials relating to John Wilkes's publications attacking both government policies and the King himself.
Thorpe and the Liberals were deflated by the outcome of the October 1974 election.
The Care Bears Movie was one of the first films to be based directly on an established toy line.
During the late 1940s and early 1950s Coggins's marine art was featured on covers of Yachting Magazine and other publications, as well as on advertising material, and his science-fiction art illustrated covers for pulp science fiction magazines.
FernGully: The Last Rainforest is a 1992 Australian-American animated musical fantasy film, directed by Bill Kroyer.
The reception in the United Kingdom, comparatively for a Tamil film, was equally successful, entering the UK box office at number 40.
The portion of SR 70 west of State Route 89 near Blairsden is also eligible for the State Scenic Highway System, but has not been designated as such by Caltrans.
The IAU Executive Committee presented four Resolutions to the Assembly, each concerning a different aspect of the debate over the definition.
Black, although it is currently on an undisclosed hiatus since November 28, 2010.
A 36-song double album, The Headphone Masterpiece has overdubbed, distorted production, and incorporates pop rock, soul, R & B, and hip hop styles.
On 17 June 1947, serialisation of the story paused after Hergé disappeared.
Wind can also cause plants damage through sand abrasion.
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton entered the race with a twenty-point lead over teammate and defending race winner Nico Rosberg in the Drivers ' Championship, with Mercedes having a seventy-point lead over Ferrari in the Constructors ' Championship.
About forty years after Somairle's death, a Benedictine monastery was established on Iona.
Mom: You're not sorry we had Calvin, are you?
After Donen's marriage to Adelle Beatty ended, he moved back to Hollywood in 1970.
Juno or Juno Beach was one of five beaches of the Allied invasion of German occupied France in the Normandy landings on 6 June 1944, during the Second World War.
In 2006, Eastwood directed two films about World War II's Battle of Iwo Jima.
Kumbakonam is well-connected by road and rail with the rest of India.
Pickett was commissioned a brevet second lieutenant in the U.S. 8th Infantry Regiment.
In 1993, the Congress passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act ( RFRA ), seeking to restore the compelling interest requirement applied in Sherbert and Yoder.
The two evolutionary models mentioned above describe ways in which genes may be circularly permuted, resulting in a circularly permuted mRNA after transcription.
The 6th Division was assigned responsibility for completing the destruction of the Japanese Eighteenth Army, which was the last large Japanese force remaining in the Australian portion of New Guinea.
Similar to its parent Jagdgeschwader 2, Jagdgeschwader 1 was designated to be a "donor" unit in forming a new unit called Jagdgeschwader 11 ( JG 11 ) on 31 March 1943.
In 1915, they had been used by the central group of about 6,000 or 7,000 Ottoman soldiers who moved across the Sinai Desert to attack the Suez Canal at Ismailia.
Moe gets robbed by Snake after Barney gives him $ 2,000 to pay for a portion of his $ 14 billion bar tab.
Hamm acknowledged science fiction was a niche genre when the original film was made, and that it used science fiction to make topical issues more approachable.
At the rear of the palace is the large and park-like garden, which together with its lake is the largest private garden in London.
Filming for Mammoth ( 2009 ) took Williams to locations in Sweden, Thailand and the Philippines.
Several candidates were presented to him including one young woman from a noble family.
After acquiring the site in 1142, they began building a new castle to replace the former Kurdish fortification.
Bournemouth is currently host to a number of festivals.
Cameroon is viewed as rife with corruption at all levels of government.
Understanding the Massey Lectures were part of the Canadian culture, Gopnik, who was born in Philadelphia but lived in Montreal between the ages of 10 to 25, wanted a topic that would be relevant to Canadians but also have universal appeal: winter.
On April 18, a week after his 4-hit Fenway Park debut, Fuld had 4 hits in 4 at-bats against the White Sox.
Laird's father, Craig, was appointed as manager of Weston-super-Mare in May 2010, having previously managed Southern League Division One South and West outfit Bridgwater Town.
The Sun is a G-type main-sequence star that comprises about 99.86 % of the mass of the Solar System.
Dilling was paid $ 5000 in 1939 by industrialist Henry Ford to investigate communism at the University of Michigan.
The most stable and dense form of selenium is gray and has a hexagonal crystal lattice consisting of helical polymeric chains, where the Se-Se distance is 237.3 pm and Se-Se-Se angle is 130.1 °.
Back in the present Fox Mulder is dismayed to hear what his father was involved in.
Caligula completed the temple of Augustus and the theatre of Pompey and began an amphitheatre beside the Saepta.
Though fiercely intelligent ... he was not naturally inclined to sit at a desk and put in extra effort to turn a B into an A.
Personally securing UK funding for the project, he deemed it an issue of national and personal shame when he was unable to persuade the British government to supply additional funding for the relocation of the Abu Simbel temples.
That evening, D Company loaded into trucks traveled north to the assembly area through a heavy rain.
The season follows the story of surgical interns, residents and their competent mentors, as they experience the difficulties of the competitive careers they have chosen.
Most of the Bond novels and short stories have since been adapted for illustration, as well as Kingsley Amis's Colonel Sun; the works were written by Henry Gammidge or Jim Lawrence with Yaroslav Horak replacing McClusky as artist in 1966.
There were 21 deaths in New England, including eight drownings in Maine.
The Battle of Kopidnadon or Kopidnados took place in September 788 between the armies of the Abbasid Caliphate and the Byzantine Empire.
Stone Rollin ' received widespread acclaim from critics and was one of the year's best reviewed records.
At 1613Z, almost three hours into the flight of the unresponsive Learjet, two F-16s from the 138th Fighter Wing of the Oklahoma Air National Guard ( ANG ), flying under the call-sign "TULSA 13 flight", were directed by the Minneapolis ARTCC to intercept.
Books on French and Italian cuisine followed, and within ten years David was a major influence on British cooking.
According to Steve Huey of AllMusic, Thriller refined the strengths of Off the Wall; the dance and rock tracks were more aggressive, while the pop tunes and ballads were softer and more soulful.
At the inaugural 12th Johor State Assembly Seating in April 2008, a minor controversy erupted when one opposition member of parliament ( MP ), Gwee Tong Hiang, flouted dress regulations by appearing in a lounge suit and tie instead of the usual official attire and songkok.
Welsh also believes that Nicole is destined to come "full circle".
In October 1956 Mikoyan was sent to the People's Republic of Hungary to gather information on the developing crisis caused by the revolution against the communist government there.
Upon his return to Washington, Mulder is admonished by Assistant Director Walter Skinner and the Smoking Man for his actions.
Rihanna performed "Don 't Stop the Music" at the 2008 NRJ Music Awards in Cannes, France, on January 26, 2008.
Pakistan also strengthened its air defences and surveillance along the Afghanistan border as a precaution against any future incursions.
The music song by the overweight people at a funeral for a murdered obese man was only shown on the DVD version and not televised, for timing purposes, and for potential boredom to viewers.
Greece, Australia, France, Great Britain, and Switzerland are the only countries to be represented at every Olympic Games since their inception in 1896.
The Gathering Storm follows many plot threads but focuses on two characters, Rand al 'Thor and Egwene al 'Vere.
In the event, Ring played in only one Test, the second of the five-match series, played at Lord's.
President Reagan appeared before the Tower Commission on December 2, 1986, to answer questions regarding his involvement in the affair.
The third draft of the script added cameos by two actors from the sister television series Star Trek: Voyager.
Chronicles edited by Kogălniceanu and Costache Negruzzi were the source of inspiration for several historical novelists, beginning with Alexandru Odobescu.
This would give a dive time of 54 min at 15 m before reaching the reserve of 50 bar.
By the start of the 21st century it became evident that the soft stone of the Cenotaph was deteriorating badly as a result of water damage and frost.
The city gradually re-emerged as a tourist destination centered on its history and its historical buildings.
In October / September 2015 he will be participating in the French version of Dancing with the Stars season 6 of Danse avec les stars.
In November 2010, Benjamin competed for American Wrestling Rampage.
In March 1914, Regina Elena was involved in experiments with wireless telegraphy in Syracuse, Sicily.
Little change in strength took place for the next six hours; a shortwave trough crossing the Baja California Peninsula turned Patricia to the northeast and induced acceleration.
Meanwhile, the main body of Morgan's and Gist's troops engaged Howe's main column in dense woods, where they fought "Indian style", from tree to tree.
When Joe Nieuwendyk refused to report to the Flames prior to the 1995 season, they named Fleury interim captain.
Phantom Power received generally positive reviews from critics with a score of 87 on Metacritic, denoting "universal acclaim".
Morikubo had difficulties voicing him because of the character's unstable personality and needed time to adjust to the role.
Nevada coach Ault said, "I think the Maryland defense is as physical as Missouri's was." Kaepernick said, "You notice how disciplined and how hard they play.
The song received generally positive reviews from critics.
According to biographer Andrew Morton, the album made Madonna a household name, and was instrumental in introducing her star power.
In December 2014, The Smithsonian Institution added an excavated cartridge of E.T. to their collection.
Calculating machines were built in antiquity and improved throughout history by many mathematicians, including ( once again ) philosopher Gottfried Leibniz.
Medium in size for its genus, it was first described as a separate species, but later lumped into other, widespread species until it was reinstated as separate in 2009.
Polistes nests can be built from wood fiber which are collected from posts and plant stems.
Finnmark, located on the Norway – Soviet Union border, became of particular interest for the military.
A cluster bomb pattern of smaller explosions would have been a more energy-efficient match to the target.
Despite its ferocity, the fire was mostly ineffectual.
September 26 is World Contraception Day, devoted to raising awareness and improving education about sexual and reproductive health, with a vision of a world where every pregnancy is wanted.
Although the vigilance committee started as a small secret institution in Virginia City, knowledge of it soon spread in the territory and membership grew.
Although strongly urged by Moderates to sign the Civil Rights Bill, Johnson broke decisively with them by vetoing it on March 27.
Elsewhere in the massif, the Montenvers Railway connects Chamonix to Montenvers near the foot of the Mer de Glace, whilst the Téléphérique du Lognan connects Argentière with Aiguille des Grands Montets, where Les Grand Montets is an important winter skiing area in the region.
When Jackson was sixteen, her father and manager Joseph Jackson, arranged her a contract with A & M Records.
A total of 20 Mountaineer players and coaches have been finalists for numerous college football awards.
Within twenty minutes of Saldívar's surrender, she was taken to the downtown police station in Corpus Christi and placed in an interrogation room with investigators Paul and Ray Rivera.
At the Pacific Military Conference in Washington, D.C., in March 1943, the Joint Chiefs of Staff approved plans by General Douglas MacArthur, the Supreme Commander, South West Pacific Area ( SWPA ), for an advance on the Japanese base at Rabaul.
Thomas de Rossy was a theologian and known as such, though his extant writings are dominated by political invective.
Thuan started an inquiry into the usage of chemical weapons on the protestors.
Capital FM radio station felt that Guetta's appearance in the clip was slightly disappointing.
Agents Scully and Doggett arrive at the operations center to investigate.
When Constantine V died in 775, his eldest son Leo IV ascended the Byzantine throne.
Voted by fellow comedians and comedy insiders as number 23 of the greatest comedy stars ever in a poll to select The Comedian's Comedian.
The depression had found its way to the southwestern quadrant of a large anticyclone aloft, allowing for continued strengthening.
Damon Graham Devereux Hill, OBE ( born 17 September 1960 ) is a British former racing driver.
Moskowitz found the Supreme Court's decision in Hoffman Estates v.
The JNA and the Serb paramilitary force bombarded Gospić with artillery stationed in the village of Divoselo and JNA Jasikovac Barracks on 29 August 1991.
"Shunzhi" was the name of this ruler's reign period in Chinese.
In Westminster, the three government departments concerned with the British role in Sierra Leone — the MoD, the FCO, and DfID — struggled to agree on the objectives of the military deployment beyond the evacuation, which led to delays in issuing orders.
The battalion suffered 762 men killed or died on active service during the war, as well as a further 2,155 wounded.
Dogs and gray wolves do not voluntarily interbreed in the wild, though they can produce fertile wolf-dog offspring.
Crash can perform both a light and heavy-powered attack.
The backbone of Phoenix's freeway system is composed of three major freeways — Interstate 10, Interstate 17, and U.S.
Around the release of the film, Disney executive David Hoberman was quoted, "I hope Nightmare goes out and makes a fortune.
He fell on his shoulder and, after receiving medical attention, abandoned the race with a suspected broken collarbone.
Operation Pig Bristle was an unusual transport task conducted by the Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) in May 1946.
According to Franklin, the selective fragments or pseudorealities that become news stories are produced to attract and hold people's attention by focusing on the unusual over the usual.
Dr. Still intended his new system of medicine to be a reformation of the existing 19th-century medical practices.
"This Little Wiggy" is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons ' ninth season.
Along with rapid promotion, the war also noticeably lowered the age of battalion commanding officers.
If the player instead waits, the cabin gets transported to Aosagi Island.
With Wolfe dead and several other key officers injured, British troops fell into a disorganised pursuit of the retreating French troops.
Prospero, all his enemies in his power, discovers that Ariel would pity them if he were "human", and decides to forgive the people who tried to kill him.
Cheney is a member of the United Methodist Church and was the first Methodist vice president to serve under a Methodist president.
Major changes to the original Verdeja 1 included removing the turret and replacing it with a gun shield with 10 millimetre thick steel armor.
Over the two years since its establishment in October 1940, Cadix had decrypted thousands of Wehrmacht, SS and Gestapo messages, originating not only from French territory but from across Europe, which provided invaluable intelligence to Allied commands and resistance movements.
The game takes place on Anachronox ( a portmanteau of anachronism and noxious, meaning "poison from the past" ), a small planet floating inside a huge artificial sphere known as Sender One.
In 1935 Kanae settled in Tokyo and returned to painting full-time.
On most days she visited the British Museum in order to consult their library, and twice a week she taught adult education classes on Ancient Egyptian history and religion at the City Literary Institute; upon her retirement from this position she nominated her former pupil, Veronica Seton-Williams, to replace her.
Seeing Sounds is the third studio album by American funk rock band N.E.R.D released June 10, 2008 on Star Trak Entertainment and Interscope Records in the United States.
The technique and clothing of Roman charioteers differed significantly from those used by the Greeks.
Scottish influence increased from the 13th century on.
As a result of increased educational access, enrollment rates more than doubled between 1996 and 2006.
In 1850 Samuel Prideaux Tregelles, though with some difficulty, examined the codex.
Type IIn supernovae are not listed in the table.
Culver et al. noted low microsatellite variation in the Florida panther, possibly due to inbreeding; responding to the research, one conservation team suggests, "the degree to which the scientific community has accepted the use of genetics in puma taxonomy is not resolved at this time."
While traversing the neck, views can be had from I-80 of the Lake and Antelope Island.
Lydia Hart is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, a long-running serial drama about life in a fictional suburb of Chester.
Even though the mask covers an actor's facial expressions, the use of the mask in Noh is not an abandonment of facial expressions altogether.
Analyzing the fragments of clay seals bearing Shepeseskare's name, the Swiss Egyptologist Peter Kaplony has proposed that the ancient name of Shepseskare's pyramid could be reconstructed as Rsj-Špss-k3-Rˁ, reading "Resj-Shespeskare" and meaning "The awakening of Shepseskare".
In 1963 Faber and Faber reissued Jill, with the addition of a long introduction by Larkin that included much information about his time at Oxford University and his friendship with Kingsley Amis.
Typically, the female chooses the nest site and builds the nest.
For the next five years, Haim played local venues but did not consider music as a professional career, since all three sisters were busy with other projects.
Orci and Kurtzman were asked to write the script for a new Star Trek film, but initially turned it down despite Orci being a fan of the series.
Some critics were disappointed with the score, acknowledging that while it worked within the context of the film, it was not enjoyable by itself.
Sherman attacked once again down the Graveyard Road, with 150 volunteers ( nicknamed the Forlorn Hope detachment ) leading the way with ladders and planks, followed by the divisions of Blair and Brig.
On December 29, Harris made his first start when Mo Williams was recovering from an injury and Harris earned the surprise start instead of Ramon Sessions, scoring 8 points.
Dr. Helen Bryce, portrayed by Emmanuelle Vaugier in nine episodes between seasons two and three, is a Smallville medical doctor who first appears in an anger management class Lex is sentenced to attend in the season two episode "Dichotic".
"It's lighter, brighter, funnier, faster-paced, and a whole lot more colorful than before." Scott Beatty felt "Tommy Lee Jones played Harvey Dent as a Joker knock-off rather than a multi-layered rogue." Lee Bermejo called Batman Forever "unbearable".
The four Ptyonoprogne species are members of the swallow family of birds, and are placed in the Hirundininae subfamily, which comprises all swallows and martins except the very distinctive river martins.
Like the original game, Maverick Hunter X has received very positive reviews from critics, accumulating aggregate scores of 82 % on Game Rankings and 79 out of 100 on Metacritic.
On September 26, 2012, the last piece of track was installed on Outlaw Run.
Ni no Kuni: Hotroit Stories ( 二ノ国 ホットロイトストーリー ) is an episodic role-playing video game developed and published by Level-5.
The Brown Dog affair was a political controversy about vivisection that raged in England from 1903 until 1910.
On 8 March 2010, Wilders announced that he would take a seat on the Hague city council, after it became clear he won 13,000 preference votes.
Gravity has been described as an avant-garde "dance" record that draws on rhythm and dance from folk music across the world.
At this point in her career, Beckinsale began to seek work in the United States, something she has said wasn 't "a conscious decision ...
Jet stream-powered cirrus can grow long enough to stretch across continents while remaining only a few kilometers deep.
SPL guidelines at the time stipulated that clubs would only be eligible for promotion to the league if their stadium had a minimum 10,000 seated capacity.
St. John and the writers received praise for the recast, and for successfully re-integrating Todd into the show's canvas.
Since Armenia's independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, the Armenian government has not officially made any territorial claims to Turkey.
A spin-off game titled Batman: Arkham City Lockdown was developed by NetherRealm Studios for iOS and was released on December 7, 2011.
Since wordplay is often unique to the language in question, translators are faced with a choice of either staying faithful to the original — in this case the English adjective and virtue earnest — or creating a similar pun in their own language.
Across the eastern United States, the hurricane left widespread damage amounting to over $ 40 million and causing 47 deaths.
Justine Miceli was chosen to play the role of Ariel; she based her character's sorrowful demeanor on the memory of her own father's death due to cancer.
It was during this period that American Bison began a periodic east – west trek through Indiana, crossing the Falls of the Ohio and the Wabash River near modern-day Vincennes.
Parasite Eve Remixes is a ten-track album, featuring remixed versions of themes from Parasite Eve.
Other famous performers who appeared at the Continental include Eleanor Steber, Melba Moore, Labelle, Peter Allen, Cab Calloway, The Manhattan Transfer, John Davidson, and Wayland Flowers.
Further devoting himself to greater accuracy, Hergé also made increasing use of photographs to draw from, such as of Chinese clothing, street scenes, and landscape.
The John Ericsson-class ships had a complete waterline armor belt of wrought iron that was 1.8 meters ( 5 ft 11 in ) high and 124 millimeters ( 4.9 in ) thick.
McCall played football for Upper Wortley Primary School and Thornhill Middle School, even scoring a winning goal for the latter in a cup final when he came on as a substitute with his arm in a sling.
The band was scheduled to tour during the summer of 1994 with Metallica, Suicidal Tendencies, Danzig, and Fight, as well as a slot during Woodstock 94, but while in rehearsal for the tour, Staley began using heroin again.
Marshall was Secretary of State, Kennan was more influential than he was at any other period in his career.
The Baltimore Sun journalist Andrew Conrad commended the episode, citing that the episodic pace was faster than the preceding episode.
Most lionesses will have reproduced by the time they are four years of age.
Tirpitz's anchorage at Kaafjord was protected by anti-aircraft batteries and fighter aircraft.
The band begun working on the album on May 2008, making demos in Seattle, Washington before recording sessions at Henson Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California, where O 'Brien usually works.
The public square where the Blackford County Courthouse stands is the heart of the Hartford City Courthouse Square Historic District.
Peacock Alley, a 300 feet ( 91 m ) long corridor lined with amber marble connects the two hotel buildings.
The protagonist of the game is Lester Knight Chaykin, a young genius physicist.
At least one soap opera blogger was outraged, and wanted Todd to be punished.
On 1 July, the minelayer SMS Albatross, escorted by the cruisers Roon, Augsburg, and Lübeck and seven destroyers, laid a minefield north of Bogskär.
Cleve Jones played a major role in the investigation of the riots, and had since become a prominent activist.
Prior to the 2013 – 14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season men's and women's basketball teams were not permitted to practice prior to the Friday closest to October 15.
In a document entitled "A list of subscribers to the intended Bolton Bury and Manchester Canal Navigation", now kept in the Greater Manchester County Record Office, some of the more notable subscribers are listed, along with the amounts invested by each.
Six episodes were performed and recorded at the Paris Theatre and aired weekly between June 2 and July 7, 1990.
A brood pouch of a female can contain 3 to 363 eggs, averaging at 74 eggs.
The picture's significance has been the subject of broad speculation.
Winslow continued her patrols out of Brest through the end of hostilities on 11 November.
Notable politicians of the Sejm of the Duchy of Warsaw included: Józef Godlewski, Tomasz A.
Prior to the triple-double being tracked as an NCAA statistic, Oscar Robertson ( Cincinnati ) had 10 — five in 1958-59 and five in 1959-60.
However, already in quantum mechanics there is one "caveat", namely the particles acting onto each other do not only possess the spatial variable, but also a discrete intrinsic angular momentum-like variable called the "spin", and there is the Pauli principle relating the space and the spin variables.
When the council met for the first time in Boston, Bradstreet was selected to serve as colonial secretary, a post he would hold until 1644.
Historians have documented evidence that as Germany's defeat became imminent and Nazi leaders realized they would most likely be captured and brought to trial, great effort was made to destroy all evidence of mass extermination.
He served as the second President of the United States ( 1797 – 1801 ), the first Vice President ( 1789 – 97 ), and as a Founding Father was a leader of American independence from Great Britain.
"Mind's Eye" is the sixteenth episode of the fifth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
Dragon Quest was created by Yuji Horii, who took inspiration from previous role-playing games such as Wizardry, Ultima, and his own 1983 title The Portopia Serial Murder Case.
On January 21, 2001, Drew entered as Vince McMahon's guest entrant in the Royal Rumble match.
Hakima Khashai and Fatima Hamidi both were defeated by Malaysian opponents after the referee stopped the contest ( RSC ).
In May 1908, the fleet went on a major cruise into the Atlantic instead of its normal voyage in the North Sea.
Bush embarked on a 60-day national tour, campaigning for his initiative in media events known as "Conversations on Social Security", in an attempt to gain public support.
The classic profile of Cabernet Sauvignon tends to be full-bodied wines with high tannins and noticeable acidity that contributes to the wine's aging potential.
The winds also destroyed the roofs of several houses in Nautla.
Shortly after this, Lutosławski started work on his Second Symphony, which had two premieres: Pierre Boulez conducted the second movement, Direct, in 1966, and when the first movement, Hésitant, was finished in 1967, the composer conducted a complete performance in Katowice.
An AllMusic review stated the album "falls flat and fails to raise the bar set so high by the quality of their previous two releases".
Inari's female aspect is often identified or conflated with Dakiniten, a Buddhist deity who is a Japanese transformation of the Indian dakini, or with Benzaiten of the Seven Lucky Gods.
Another form of special effects are prosthetics used to create abnormals.
The latest recommendations of the CDC show that HIV testing must start with an immunoassay combination test for HIV-1 and HIV-2 antibodies and p24 antigen.
The city centre, dating from the Middle Ages, lies on a series of clay banks between the former streams of Vesterå and Lilleå, which used to run into the sound.
A higher ABV version of Boddingtons Draught Bitter, brewed since 1993 for export markets.
Drake also stated that Marvin Gaye's 1978 double album Here, My Dear had been a big influence on his current musical direction and he had been doing recording in Gaye's old studio "Marvin's Room".
The Branches became supporters of 2012 presidential candidate Herman Cain after performing at several events where he was a keynote speaker, and "I Am America" was made the official theme song of the campaign.
Freedom and responsibility, individuality and society, and love and death are among the binaries the symbolic work abounds in.
The fraternal organisation was founded in the town of Annemasse, Haute-Savoie in eastern France in 1956.
Charles Arbuthnot Crombie DSO, DFC ( 16 March 1914 – 26 August 1945 ) was an Australian aviator and flying ace of the Second World War.
To gain political power, the NSDAP took advantage of the economic downturn during the Great Depression.
Each cavity is filled with basidia somewhat irregularly arranged in clusters ( like those of Scleroderma ) and not in the definite palisade of the species which have been studied.
The Manifesto of the Sixteen ( French: Manifeste des seize ), or Proclamation of the Sixteen, was a document drafted in 1916 by eminent anarchists Peter Kropotkin and Jean Grave which advocated an Allied victory over Germany and the Central Powers during the First World War.
In New York City, the Ojibwe attracted attention, gaining publicity and money for their cause.
The two sites were unreachable due to being in contested areas of the ongoing civil war.
As with all strepsirrhine primates, olfactory communication is used extensively by ruffed lemurs – scent marking in territorial defense and disputes, as well as female greeting displays.
The Student Government contains five separate governing councils- the Student Programming Council, the Council for Student Organizations, which represents the over 200 or more student clubs and organizations, the Homecoming Council, Black Student Union, and Panther Power, the student spirit group.
As the disadvantages of national division were becoming increasingly apparent in various segments of the society, some of the Piast dukes had begun making serious efforts aimed at the reunification of the Polish state.
The 1973 Pirates had to play without Clemente, who died during the previous offseason.
"The Thrill" has a sparse bass groove, layered keyboards, and existential lyrics with YOLO imagery.
Cirrus ( cloud classification symbol: Ci ) is a genus of atmospheric cloud generally characterized by thin, wispy strands, giving the type its name from the Latin word cirrus, meaning a ringlet or curling lock of hair.
Like the original hotel, from its inception, the Waldorf Astoria gained worldwide renown for its glamorous dinner parties and galas, often at the center of political and business conferences and fundraising schemes.
Archaeologists have established that the monument was built by pastoralist communities shortly after the introduction of agriculture to Britain from continental Europe.
On 24 December 1943, the task group was caught in a storm in the North Atlantic when at 01: 58 in the morning, Leary made a ping on a U-Boat off her starboard bow.
Canadian poet George Elliott Clarke once analyzed section 34, calling it "bland legalese." He wrote it was "reassuring" because it was dull, signalling neither fear nor excitement.
An October 2003 episode of CSI featured PafCon, a fictional furry convention held in Las Vegas.
Constantine interpreted the entire work himself although he omitted a few lines that overtly reference paganism, such as the last part of line 10, which names Apollo.
With its reliance on piano-driven melodies and experimentation with marimba on "The Nurse" and "Forever For Her ( Is Over For Me )", Get Behind Me Satan didn 't feature the explicit blues and punk styles that dominated earlier White Stripes albums.
The college offers "Theme Community Living," where students with common interests live in a single living unit.
Excluding a few controversial claims, scientists agree that all non-avian dinosaurs became extinct at the K – Pg boundary.
Nickel is commonly found in iron meteorites as the alloys kamacite and taenite.
The rebooted 1975 version of Philaletheis, as a committee of the SGA, was governed by the SGA's president.
Algae blooms have occurred on Harveys Lake due to high levels of nutrients in the water.
Come to the Well is the fifth studio album by American contemporary Christian band Casting Crowns, released on October 18, 2011 through Beach Street and Reunion Records.
While Captain Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) is away at an emergency Federation conference, the Enterprise crew discovers an ancient space capsule from Earth.
Behind the figure group is a concrete backdrop.
Early in their careers, Hewitt dominated Federer, winning seven of their first nine meetings, including a victory from two sets down in the 2003 Davis Cup semifinal which allowed Australia to defeat Switzerland.
Over a long period the Slavs settled beside the Danube, where the Hungarian and Bulgarian lands now lie.
Following the loss, Iron Duke replaced Vanguard as the guardship at Kingstown ( now Dún Laoghaire ), where she received the latter's crew and remained until July 1877 when the ship began a lengthy refit that lasted until August 1878.
By 13: 20, the battlecruisers had caught up with Spee, who realized his armored cruisers could not escape the much faster battlecruisers.
In 1994, the osprey was declared the provincial bird of Nova Scotia, Canada.
"Young Girls" was written by Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence and Ari Levine, Jeff Bhasker and Emile Haynie, while production was handled by the former three under their alias, The Smeezingtons, along with Bhasker and Haynie.
Ryan Litsey described the Joker as an example of a "Nietzschean Superman", arguing that a fundamental aspect of Friedrich Nietzsche's Superman, the "will to power", is exemplified in all of the Joker's actions, providing a master morality to Batman's slave morality.
Critics have highlighted the similarities of "Halo" to Rihanna's "Umbrella" ( 2007 ); Alexis Petridis of The Guardian noted that "Halo" has the same "icy synths, drivetime rock dynamic, and a similar repetitive chorus".
In 2012, City College won the Baltimore Urban Debate League championship.
Sixteen-year-old Minnesota high-schooler Juno MacGuff ( Ellen Page ) discovers she is pregnant by her friend and longtime admirer, Paulie Bleeker ( Michael Cera ).
Cunningham recovered to play the team's final Test, against France in Paris, where he played as "breakaway" ( flanker ) rather than his usual position of lock.
Falco peregrinus submelanogenys, described by Mathews in 1912, is the Southwest Australian peregrine falcon.
In the popular retelling of the legend in later works, as well as in theatre and electronic media, Ahalya is turned to stone by Gautama's curse and returns to her human form only after being brushed by Rama's foot.
The Tenth Circuit Court affirmed the decision of the district court.
Beyond this, the relationships between Amenhotep I and other possible family members are unclear.
He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Cologne.
Nadine threatened the Azores while moving northeastward and then northward between September 18 and September 19, though a blocking ridge prevented the storm from approaching further toward the islands.
Bond initially seeks out Zukovsky for intel on Renard and is subsequently aided by him when Zukovsky's nephew falls into Renard's captivity.
Betty is last seen in May 2011, trying in vain to stop David ( Jack P.
Only four unserialized and undated pistols are known to exist and include mismatch parts with no inspection marks, lanyard loops, and extractors.
Killswitch Engage took part in a summer tour in July 2015, opening up for Rise Against with support from letlive.
Two compilation books of piano sheet music from the Mana series have been published as Seiken Densetsu Best Collection Piano Solo Sheet Music first and second editions; songs from Secret of Mana and Seiken Densetsu 3 are featured in both.
In 1991, the Sci-Fi Dine-In opened along with nineteen other new Walt Disney World attractions marking the complex's twentieth anniversary.
Wild trout naturally reproduce in Mahoning Creek from its headwaters downstream to the US Route 11 bridge, a distance of 9.19 miles ( 14.79 km ).
The pursuing American army included the Marquis de Lafayette, who was under orders from Washington to hang Arnold summarily if he was captured.
Unlike hardness, which denotes only resistance to scratching, diamond's toughness or tenacity is only fair to good.
Hurray for the Riff Raff contributed "My Sweet Lord" to Harrison Covered, a tribute CD accompanying the November 2011 issue of Mojo magazine.
The Action of 10 November 1808 was a minor naval engagement of the Napoleonic Wars, in which a British frigate defeated and captured a French frigate in the Bay of Biscay.
The supergiant consistently displays irregular photometric, polarimetric and spectroscopic variations, phenomena pointing to complex activity on the star's surface and its extended atmosphere.
The 2008 show was held at Fountainebleu Miami Beach, Florida.
The highest average attendance at Old Trafford over a league season was 75,826, set in the 2006 – 07 season.
On Wednesday, however, The Village Voice ran reports of the riots, written by Howard Smith and Lucian Truscott, that included unflattering descriptions of the events and its participants: "forces of faggotry", "limp wrists", and "Sunday fag follies".
Army ) forces began attacking Japanese positions on Mount Austen.
The final section of the path was designated as a National Trail in 1978.
Typically during the decomposition of a human body, naturally occurring bacteria in the organs of the abdominal cavity ( such as the stomach and intestines ) generate gases as by-products of metabolism, which causes the body to swell.
By the middle of the 12th century the former territory of the kingdom of the Rhinns was part of Galloway kingdom, but the area to the north was not.
The ships saw service during the Italo-Turkish War of 1911 – 1912 with the Ottoman Empire.
In the first week of January 2009, sudden warmer temperatures starting with heavy wet snow and later transitioning into heavy rain from a pineapple express resulted in some flooding in low-lying areas near the Fraser river.
In the early 1950s, rock and roll, whose performers initially topped music hall bills, attracted a young audience who had little interest in the music hall acts while driving the older audience away.
Turing has been honoured in various ways in Manchester, the city where he worked towards the end of his life.
For this service during the war, Sousa received the World War I Victory Medal.
William Chinnery's father, also named William, owned trading ships and named one Gilwell in 1800.
Commoners were illiterate; scribes were drawn from the elite.
"Getting Valentino", covering how the designer was persuaded to appear as himself in the film.
Eyre is thought to have been passing through the Toolinna Cove sand patch at the time of writing.
The Unadulterated Cat ( 1989 ) is a humorous book of cat anecdotes written by Pratchett and illustrated by Gray Jolliffe.
Rochester was established by George Head in 1854.
There is a MetOffice weather station at Kinloch providing long term climate observations.
Fischer, who had taken the highest crown almost singlehandedly from the mighty, almost invincible Soviet chess empire, shook the whole world, not only the chess world, to its core.
Later one night, Chris sees apparitions of Nola and Mrs. Eastby, who tell him to be ready for the consequences of his actions.
Reservoir Summit, also called Reservoir Hill, is 3,883 feet ( 1,184 m ) above sea level.
In 2003, the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History included the Green Book in an exhibition, America on the Move.
Kanduri festival is a 14-day annual event celebrated during the urs ( death anniversary ) of the saint.
Richards was known as a highly valued mentor and friend to students, faculty, and colleagues, including a very supportive approach to women and African – Americans, according to Jim Staros.
Two vehicles are owned by Kevin Wheatcroft in England.
Streep's first film of 2014 was the motion picture adaptation of the young adult novel The Giver.
Originally, they were supposed to be "men in cowls" based on the Grim Reaper; the final design retains some of this image with its "scythe-like tail".
Calliope Iphegenia "Callie" Torres, M.D. is a fictional character from the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, which airs on the ABC in the United States.
After dismissing Anthony Julius, a Mishcon de Reya lawyer, Mills stated she would represent herself in the upcoming divorce hearing, with help from her sister Fiona, David Rosen ( a solicitor-advocate ), and Michael Shilub, an American attorney.
I was not very happy with the name because Salvia divinorum means "Salvia of the ghosts", whereas Salvia divinatorum, the correct name, means "Salvia of the priests", But it is now in the botanical literature under the name Salvia divinorum.
Roberta Williams, however, said she was asked by Sierra to make a third Phantasmagoria game, and that she said she would consider it, but it was not ultimately made.
Given that the sport functions by measuring and comparing athletes ' performances, performance-enhancing substances create an uneven playing field — athletes who do not use doping substances have a disadvantage over rivals who do.
Nomura later commented that Roxas was one of the first characters created for Organization XIII, and was always intended to be the 13th member.
Outside East Bengal, movement for equal status of Bengali also took place in the Indian state of Assam.
Heavy rains in West Virginia overflowed the Tug Fork and Guyandotte rivers.
The amount of dolphins killed each year is not known, but anecdotal information suggests between 600 and 1500 dolphins per hunting season.
"The Girl Is Mine 2008" received mostly unfavourable reviews from music critics.
Racing back to the camp, she looks down on the camp from a tree, suddenly stopped by the voices of Tigerstar and his Clanmates.
The largest, Warm Lake, is 26 miles ( 42 km ) east of Cascade in Valley County; many of the smaller lakes are in the Trinity and West mountains.
The marchers included John Ryan, who later won the Victoria Cross for his actions in the Battle of the Hindenburg Line in 1918.
Although the Dreamcast version of Half-Life was cancelled, Blue Shift persevered.
In 1004-5 Al-Maʿarri learned that his father had died and, in reaction, wrote an elegy where he praised his father.
Three members of the Oxford crew had participated in the previous meeting of the universities in December 1849, Houghton, Joseph William Chitty and the cox, Cotton.
Amos Barshad from New York declared that the song reminded him of being drunk and dancing in a remote discothèque in Berlin.
Lying between Lake Michigan to the east and the Loop to the west, Grant Park has been Chicago's front yard since the mid-19th century.
Archaeological findings have been unearthed at two sites in the Glacier Bay, which links the region to Holocene period.
Several estate cottages near Weston Lodge were designed by W.
The ship's main armored belt was 350 millimeters ( 14 in ) thick.
After his promotion was confirmed, Saunders returned to New Guinea and, although it was contrary to policy, rejoined his old battalion.
The Wignacourt Arch known as the Fleur-De-Lys Gate ( Maltese: L-Arkata ta ' Wignacourt magħrufa bħala l-Bieb ta ' Fleur-De-Lys ) is an ornamental arch located on the boundary between Fleur-de-Lys ( a suburb of Birkirkara ) and Santa Venera, Malta.
Early trains offered passengers a choice of first- or second-class carriages.
NBN Television commenced transmission on 4 March 1962.
Bakshi had selected a number of songs from his own record collection for the film's soundtrack, which were not used in the film due to the high costs of licensing the songs.
Wiggins ' family initially attributed his death to lung cancer that had led to respiratory failure.
Meanwhile, unknown terrorists plan to follow up off-screen bus bombings in Sheffield with more attacks in Manchester, but blow themselves up when the police arrive at their house.
The song received generally positive reviews from music critics.
The Great Mosque is situated in the Daraj Quarter of the Old City in Downtown Gaza at the eastern end of Omar Mukhtar Street, southeast of Palestine Square.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by 4.22 million households, an 800,000-household drop from the previous week's season premiere, "Pawnee Zoo".
Because the aircraft crashed in a military base, the emergency response was supplied by the U.S.
The toothcomb of most lemuriforms includes six finely spaced teeth, four incisors and two canine teeth that are procumbent ( tilt forward ) in the front of the mouth.
The lawsuit reflected "a recent cultural concern" about nudity in showers being connected to "sexual or erotic forms of gazing".
Dylan's keenness to record his new material for Freewheelin ' paralleled a dramatic power struggle in the studio: Albert Grossman's determination to have John Hammond replaced as Dylan's producer at CBS.
The 21st century also saw the development of "electrogrind" ( or "cybergrind" ), practiced by The Berzerker, Body Hammer, Gigantic Brain and Genghis Tron which borrows from electronic music.
As of the 2010 United States Census, Blackford County's population density was 77.3 inhabitants per square mile ( 29.8 / km2 ), well below the average for Indiana, which was 180.8 inhabitants per square mile ( 69.8 / km2 ).
Nullomers are codons that in theory code for an amino acid, however in nature there is a selective bias against using this codon in favor of another, for example bacteria prefer to use CGA instead of AGA to code for arginine.
The dedication and preface are both numbered separately from the main body of the poem.
Each of these portions of the episode are filled with laughs, perhaps the funniest being Homer's distorted high-society recollection of the previous night's events in which he is hailed as charming and a jolly good fellow."
Windon married Judy Macdonald in 1954, and the couple had three daughters Julie, Fiona and Kate.
The Roseland Theater, sometimes called the Roseland Theater and Grill, is a music venue located at 8 Northwest Sixth Avenue in the Old Town Chinatown neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, in the United States.
Perception of the upright with displaced visual fields".
I saw the boy getting injured in his leg, and the father asking for help.
Kidd's personal favorite of the films he choreographed, however, was not Seven Brides or Band Wagon but Guys and Dolls, which he felt was "the best, most inventive and best integrated musical I've ever seen".
Plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition ( PECVD ) technology, which works at rather low temperature and vacuum conditions.
River otters are renowned for their sense of play.
In 1989 Harrison and Starr appeared in the music video for Tom Petty's song "I Won 't Back Down".
The project hinged on two major elements: developing lighter railcars and developing an internal combustion driven power system adequate for high speed service.
It starts with a three chord minor sequence which changes to a four chord one during the chorus section and a bass section starts at the end of the track.
The actors were also frequently nominated for NAACP Image Awards.
Construction from Brill to Oxford had not yet begun.
Allowing him to "tell the best story and tell the truth", Brown's notes were self-reflexive, and drew attention to the artistic choices he made when putting together the book.
Sarmiento believed that the material and social needs of people had to be satisfied but not at the cost of order and decorum.
But there are some things that hopefully don 't detract and fit into the context of the story.
After the ride was refurbished, the top third of the structure was painted red, the track was painted yellow and the rest was painted blue.
After recovering from an injury that kept him out of action during the Christmas period, Hooper returned to the team against Hibernian on 15 January 2011 and scored the opening goal in a 3 – 0 win.
In 1827, he published two volumes of Personal Sketches of His Own Times.
In August 2000, NASA asked project managers to consider looking at the Space Shuttle, instead of the previously proposed EELV, as a launch vehicle.
After winning recognition by the Ikhshidids, Sayf al-Dawla began a series of campaigns of consolidation.
In 1961, the RCAF obtained 66 McDonnell CF-101 Voodoo aircraft, one of the American designs the RCAF originally rejected, to serve in the role originally intended for the Avro Arrow.
Lampard then put Chelsea 3 – 2 ahead, but Hargreaves levelled things up with a shot into the top corner.
The entire highway is allocated National Route 1, part of Australia's Highway 1, and parts of the highway are included in the tourist routes Batavia Coast Tourist Way ( Tourist Drive 354 ) and Cossack Tourist Way ( Tourist Drive 351 ).
In January 2014, Bass Brothers announced that D12 had returned to record at F.B.T.
By May, Perot was leading presidential polls in both Texas and California.
Braun was a starting outfielder for the NL in the 2008 All Star Game.
Dhaka suffered stagnation and decline during the early 19th-century.
In February 2003, it was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) for shipments of 100,000 copies in the UK.
Winter: Five Windows on the Season is a non-fiction book written by Adam Gopnik for the 2011 Massey Lectures.
After being dropped from the senior state team, Karthik was overlooked for the selection in the zonal Duleep Trophy, and played in the Under-19s for South Zone.
Separating provision for cyclists from other road traffic was not part of the remit of the 1960s town redevelopment, and in 1996 the perception of provision for cyclists was very poor.
Using a coronagraph on the Subaru telescope in Hawaii in 2005, astronomers were able to further constrain the size of a planet orbiting Vega to no more than 5 – 10 times the mass of Jupiter.
To pay for school Kanae worked odd printing jobs for employers such as the Hochi Shimbun newspaper, and from February 1903 lodged at the home of his friend Hakutei Ishii, the eldest son of the artist Ishii Teiko.
The material first appeared in McClure's magazine ( 1893 – 1929 ) in 14 installments between January 1907 and June 1908, preceded by an editorial in December 1906 announcing the series.
The public affairs coverage on the C-SPAN networks other than the House and Senate floor debates is wide-ranging.
Like all jumping spiders, M. inclemens has excellent vision.
Game Informer's Adam Biessener noted that while The Binding of Isaac had a number of software bugs on release that may briefly detract from the experience, "McMillen ’ s vision shines through" in the game's playability, art style, and story.
From 1527 onwards the Spanish were increasingly active in the Yucatán Peninsula, establishing several colonies and towns by 1544, including Campeche and Valladolid in what is now Mexico.
Since the 1960s, education, health care, and small business have come to the forefront of South Bend's economy, though the city has never regained the level of prosperity it enjoyed before that time.
The development team's intent was to meld these attributes into a home console title that would appeal to the young gamer audience that they found with the GBA series.
Sakura ( サクラ ), also known as Princess Sakura ( サクラ姫, Sakura Hime ), is a fictional character and one of the protagonists from Tsubasa: Reservoir Chronicle, a manga series written and illustrated by Clamp.
A new feature is the "super meter", which can be charged by various actions during battle such as performing special moves, getting blocked by the opponent, or getting hit by them.
Among off spinners, Harbhajan is the second highest wicket-taker in Test history, behind Muttiah Muralitharan of Sri Lanka.
A charter was granted to the Mayor of Faversham, Jurats and Freemen of the Town of Faversham in 1546, and regranted 1685; the town council was established under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835.
When the project finally became The Motion Picture, Robert Abel and Associates art director Richard Taylor wanted to completely redesign the ship, but Roddenberry insisted on the same shape as designed by Jefferies for Phase II.
The municipality sits on a ridge overlooking the Teesta River and is a tourist destination owing to its temperate climate, magnificent Himalayan beauty and proximity to popular tourist locations in the region.
Construction on the first buildings started in 1926.
Other Starfleet officers include Brock Peters as Fleet Admiral Cartwright, a high-ranking officer in Starfleet who vehemently protests Klingon entry into Federation space.
Coggins served as an artist for British YANK in London until August 2, 1945 and was discharged from the U.S.
It transformed him into a musical professional, with tools to help him thrive as a composer, and the in-depth exposure to European principles and musical forms gave him a sense that his art was not exclusively Russian or Western.
A disturbance from the Intertropical Convergence Zone developed into a tropical storm late on October 5, while located over the western Caribbean Sea near the Belize – Mexico border.
In September 1939, the base was renamed HMS Daedalus II, but was transferred back to the RAF in May 1940.
Pericles and his friends were never immune from attack, as preeminence in democratic Athens was not equivalent to absolute rule.
The Aid and Rescue Committee decided to ask Wisliceny whether the SS were, as Kasztner wrote in a later report, "prepared to negotiate with the illegal Jewish rescue committee on an economic basis about the moderation of the anti-Jewish measures." Brand and Kasztner met Wisliceny on 5 April.
Anna Komnene Doukaina Palaiologina Asanina, who married John Kantakouzenos ' brother-in-law, Manuel Asen.
Old Pine Church's cemetery is surrounded by several mature trees, with a large oak tree overhanging the southwestern area of the cemetery.
It was Schumacher's first season since his début in 1991 that he finished without a win, pole position, podium or fastest lap.
His poetry collection Iron Angels was published in 2009.
The two-player option was inspired by then-current games Populous and Stunt Car Racer.
On December 9, 2011, New Japan Pro Wrestling announced that Benjamin would be joining MVP for a tag match against Masato Tanaka and Yujiro Takahashi at Wrestle Kingdom VI in Tokyo Dome on January 4, 2012.
At sea, Hull dies of his infection, and his body is locked in a cabin to be used as evidence of what has happened.
Association football is played in accordance with a set of rules known as the Laws of the Game.
In recognition of his performance during the game, Florida Statewide receiver Peter Warrick was named the game's most valuable player.
Lhermitte subsequently came under criticism from historians for his failure to inflict greater damage on the light force in Algoa Bay: William James described it as "a somewhat discreditable action".
In the 114th United States Congress, both the House of Representatives and the Senate are controlled by the Republican Party.
Augie March's distinctive musical style is directed by songwriter and vocalist Richards.
At the same time, Liz becomes jealous when her friend and TGS star Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) takes credit for "That's A Deal Breaker, ladies!" catchphrase, resulting in Liz not getting recognition as she wrote the sketch.
McKay amended his legislation to provide for a double eagle ( $ 20 gold coin ) and wrote to Patterson, who replied stating that the annular gold dollar would not work, and neither would another proposal to have dollar piece consisting of a gold plug in a silver coin.
His earnings, plus expected income from The Duchess of Padua, allowed him to move to Paris between February and mid-May 1883.
Tabitha and Napoleon have won two Emmys from a total of four nominations.
Richmond – Daly City / Millbrae: Coincides with the Richmond-Fremont line from Richmond to Oakland, and extends beyond Daly City to Millbrae following a former Southern Pacific Railroad right-of-way, which is also served by Caltrain beyond San Bruno.
Tomb of Horrors has also influenced later Dungeons & Dragons products.
On the opening track "15 Step", the band enlisted the help of a group of children from the Matrix Music School & Arts Centre in Oxford.
Eve was born in New York City, but was raised in Florida.
Tetty Johnson was ill during most of her time in London, and in 1752 she decided to return to the countryside while Johnson was busy working on his Dictionary.
In 1138 King Stephen chose Theobald to fill the vacant archbishopric of Canterbury over Stephen's own brother Henry, the Bishop of Winchester, who had helped Stephen gain the throne of England.
Although skull proportions varied, abelisaurid skulls were generally very tall and very short in length.
Westerman ended his collegiate career with 26 sacks, 141 tackles and 45 tackles for a loss.
While the majority of reviewers were favorably impressed, some very much so, a significant minority were disappointed at the message the episode conveyed and the storytelling decisions.
The units of Age of Empires III are based, as in previous iterations of the game, around military classes of the historic time period.
There is only limited evidence for use after the 17th-century desertion, including a 19th-century tobacco pipe and some Victorian glassware.
Across some 150 cases involving business and civil law, Sotomayor's rulings were generally unpredictable and not consistently pro-business or anti-business.
Differences of view over the Federal Reserve's mandate began to become increasingly open in the aftermath of the First World War.
Ripley officially became a minister at Boston's Purchase Street Church on November 8, 1826, and became influential in the developing the Unitarian religion.
Stephen Thompson of NPR Music called the song "one of the decade's finest pop anthems" which is infused with energy, charisma and full-throated intensity.
Jab Tak Hai Jaan was released on 600 screens in overseas markets; the estimated number of release screens in India was about 2,500.
The Jeopardy! and Double Jeopardy! rounds each feature six categories, each of which contains five clues, which are ostensibly valued by difficulty.
Divorce is difficult on all parties involved in the process, including the children.
New Directions celebrates the holidays as Mercedes ( Amber Riley ) sings "All I Want For Christmas Is You".
Twelve hours earlier, at Fort Evanston, Maryland, Lieutenant General Peter MacDougal ( Bill Agnew ) is shot in his limousine by the gunman.
Hiddleston provided the voiceover the Ancient Egyptian Book of the Dead in 2011 and poetry for iF Poems and The Love Book on iTunes in 2012.
He was starting in place of Roy Oswalt, who was serving a suspension for hitting a batter with a pitch.
The greater yellow-headed vulture is listed as a species of Least Concern by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ).
For the rest of the 1970s, resistance to the regime grew, assuming also the forms of student groups, clandestine newspapers and publishers, importing books and newspapers, and even a "Flying University".
Overall, Nehlen posted a 149 – 93 – 4 record during his tenure at West Virginia, making him both the longest-serving and most successful head coach in Mountaineer history.
The director's cut, Advent Children Complete, was generally praised over the original version.
Variation in predation regimens may have influenced the evolution of polymorphism in Oophaga granulifera, while sexual selection appears to have contributed to differentiation among the Bocas del Toro populations of Oophaga pumilio.
The 2010 East – West Shrine Game was the 85th staging of the all-star college football exhibition game featuring NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision players.
From a husbandry point of view, hyenas are easily kept, as they have few disease problems and it is not uncommon for captive hyenas to reach 15 – 20 years of age.
Goodrich remained the favourite home of the Richard Talbot's descendants for many years.
A weaker notion of representation is therefore desirable.
Lichtenstein frequently explored vision-related themes after he began to work in the pop art genre; early examples include I Can See the Whole Room ... and There's Nobody in It! and Look Mickey.
The Canadiens reached the playoffs for the first time in 1913 – 14 when they tied the Toronto Blueshirts for the league lead with 26 points.
According to the rowing correspondent of The Times, it was "one of the greatest battles in the history of the race".
In all four 2013 Grand Slam tournaments, Raonic matched his previous best result.
On February 16, 1824, de la Torre mandated a more-aggressive pursuit and prosecution of pirates.
Kate Greenaway and the Pre-Raphaelites were the principal influences on her work.
Prionomyrmex is an extinct genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae of the family Formicidae.
Grandiose building projects were supported by the government, including the erection of towering Buddhist Chinese pagodas and the construction of enormous bridges ( wood or stone, trestle or segmental arch bridge ).
Andy and Kevin hold a meeting with the head of the "Five Families" of the office building, a reference to the "Five Families" from "The Godfather" trilogy.
The Manhattan Project began in June 1941, during World War II.
St Mary's is still used for worship by the Church in Wales.
The mantled guereza lives in stable social groups usually containing three to fifteen members.
The Conquest of Belgrade is an oil painting by the romanticist Katarina Ivanović, one of Serbia's first significant female painters.
The Soviets had liberated Auschwitz 11 days earlier, and the Americans were making their way towards Buchenwald.
The first experimental evidence for the structure of the Holliday junction came from electron microscopy studies in the late 1970s, where the four-arm structure was clearly visible in images of plasmid and bacteriophage DNA.
Brian Tierney is the fourth of five sons of James and Claire Tierney.
Korn launched a political campaign-style tour to promote the release of Follow the Leader.
Star-formation activity in green valley galaxies is slowing as they run out of star-forming gas in the interstellar medium.
Before the war, Oppenheimer had spent part of each year teaching at California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ).
These were not the only positions held in classical times.
Snow White also makes an appearance in the PlayStation 2 game Kingdom Hearts as one of the seven fabled Princesses of Heart.
Historians claim that Hyder was extremely tolerant towards the Christians.
However most, if not all, characteristics of the current centralized state of the Kingdom of the Netherlands were foreshadowed by the accomplishments of the Batavian Republic, not least the liberal 1848 Constitution.
The Canadian, Norwegian and Australian Defence Forces train their personnel with CS gas in a manner similar to that of the USA, as it is a basic part of CBRN ( Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear ) training.
Levels outside this range are associated with an increasing rate of death from multiple causes, and some cardiac, kidney, and lung diseases progress more rapidly if serum potassium levels are not maintained within the normal range.
The islands lie on the boundary of the subantarctic oceanic and tundra climate zones, and both major islands have mountain ranges reaching 2,300 feet ( 700 m ).
The launch of HMS Dreadnought in 1906 by the Royal Navy raised the stakes, and complicated Japan's plans.
Holidays ( such as Spring Day ) were part of the plot of an episode aired that day, unless the holiday fell over a weekend.
Cleveland has four daily trains: the Capitol Limited ( trains 29 and 30 ) between Washington, D.C. and Chicago, and the Lake Shore Limited ( trains 48 / 448 and 49 / 449 ) between Chicago and New York City / Boston.
Initially, Venkata Reddy had Akkineni Nageswara Rao in mind for the lead role.
In 2012, Cierpiot was unopposed in the Republican primary, and defeated Shere Alam ( D ) in the general election for Missouri's 30th district.
Bruxadera at the Buxadera and Co. stained glass company.
One of the hardest pieces of editing was the hypnotist segment, which featured several of the guest stars speaking in unison.
Tony Marchant, also known as "Tippy" Marchant ( born 28 August 1937 ) is a former Australian track cyclist who along with Ian Browne won the 2000 m tandem event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.
No longer bound by the restrictions of the Washington and London Treaties, the Imperial Japanese Navy proceeded to reconstruct Hiei along the same lines as her sisters.
The United Nations Charter was drafted at a conference in April – June 1945; this charter took effect 24 October 1945, and the UN began operation.
On 7 July 2010, it was announced that the observatory was being considered as an applicant for the 2011 United Kingdom Tentative List for World Heritage Site status.
In its structure, the story of Alan Wake plays out similarly to a mystery television program, where each episode brings another piece of the puzzle to the main ongoing story, yet have a distinct plot of their own.
While there he met Frederic Wood Jones, who shared and encouraged a passion for books.
Synadenos enters the historical record in 1321, when he held the lowly title of domestikos tes trapezes ( steward of the imperial table ), and is recorded as a close friend to his cousin, the junior emperor Michael IX Palaiologos.
After featuring as a substitute in December, Hazard returned to the starting lineup in January.
Even well after their marriage, some observers disapproved of the prince's decision, regardless of what he had promised beforehand.
In June 2001, Tropical Storm Allison dumped up to 40 inches ( 1,000 mm ) of rain on parts of Houston, causing the worst flooding in the city's history.
The church is dedicated to St Ceidio, a 6th-century British saint who established a number of churches in Wales.
The Arabian Sea branch of the south-west monsoon hits the Western Ghats along the coastal state of Kerala and moves northwards along the Konkan coast with precipitation on coastal areas, west of the Western Ghats.
Trescothick replaced him as Somerset captain for the 2010 season.
Since 2010, Clippard has pitched exclusively out of the bullpen; primarily in the eighth inning.
In 2007, Cameroon hosted a total population of refugees and asylum seekers of approximately 97,400.
Hügel-Marshall's work has been influenced by American civil rights activist Audre Lorde.
Starting with Apollo 13, descent orbit insertion was to be performed using the Service Module engine instead of the LM engine, in order to allow a greater fuel reserve for landing.
The Royal Institution committee that met on December 23, 1820 was not, however, satisfied with this judgment, and decided to take further legal action against Accum.
The second season continues the Human exploration of interstellar space by the crew of Enterprise, and further mention is made of the Temporal Cold War.
The town of Vincennes has held an annual Red Skelton Festival since 2005.
Bach transformed the secular music to a cantata for the first Sunday in Advent, first by combining four movements and simply adding a chorale, the final stanza of "Wie schön leuchtet der Morgenstern".
The Chiefs ' fan base has expanded across the world like many other NFL teams.
Biddle gave the episode one and a half stars and commented "Carey always keeps you watching, although he's always threatening to be funnier than he is.
In general, though, sundews require high environmental moisture content, usually in the form of a constantly moist or wet soil substrate.
Her wreck was discovered by a BBC crew in December 2002, approximately 30 nautical miles ( 35 mi; 56 km ) from Gibraltar.
Islamic decoration, which tends to avoid using figurative images, makes frequent use of geometric patterns which have developed over the centuries.
The Guardian newspaper was founded in 1821 as The Manchester Guardian.
Infectivity titre in TSEs roughly correlates with prion amyloid ( PrPSc ) titre, however, prion amyloid is absent in approximately 10 % of CJD cases.
In early May 1918 US Attorney General Thomas Watt Gregory condemned The Finished Mystery as "one of the most dangerous examples of ... propaganda ... a work written in extremely religious language and distributed in enormous numbers".
Income from the 2014 sale of Beats to Apple, contributing to what Forbes termed "the biggest single-year payday of any musician in history", made Dr. Dre the world's richest musical performer of 2015.
The first Women's Boat Race took place in 1927, but did not become an annual fixture until the 1960s.
The colonial authorities received two warnings that a revolt was imminent.
Miller was given the responsibility of batting in the number three position when Hassett was afflicted by tonsillitis.
Between 1948 and 1950, she developed a theory by which these mobile elements regulated the genes by inhibiting or modulating their action.
Verbinski managed the score with Klaus Badelt and Hans Zimmer, who headed 15 composers to finish it quickly.
"Party" was officially remixed with vocals from American rapper J.
Will Ferrell's performance received mixed reviews from critics.
Brady portrays both the prime and alternate versions.
Howe's plan of attack was to storm the fort from three directions while a fourth force feinted; by then it had received reinforcements and was garrisoned by 3,000 men.
In York County, the Muddy Creek Bridge, Delta Trestle Bridge, and Scott Creek Bridge-North were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
As the weather grew worse Bartlett ordered supplies and equipment to be transferred on to the ice, both to lighten the ship and as a precaution should it be necessary to abandon the vessel in a hurry.
The episode was the only one to be written by Mimi Pond, and it was directed by David Silverman.
The inventors are experienced barbecue competition participants from Kansas City, and compete in cook-offs as the Burnt Finger BBQ team.
The Australian Bureau of Meteorology uses 10-minute sustained winds, while the Joint Typhoon Warning Center uses one-minute sustained winds.
The western face is divided into three sections.
Masterton suffered a severe internal brain injury during the first period of Minnesota's January 13, 1968, game against the Oakland Seals at the Met Center.
Agnostic ( from Ancient Greek ἀ- ( a- ), meaning "without", and γνῶσις ( gnōsis ), meaning "knowledge" ) was used by Thomas Henry Huxley in a speech at a meeting of the Metaphysical Society in 1869 to describe his philosophy, which rejects all claims of spiritual or mystical knowledge.
Virginia has 30 National Park Service units, such as Great Falls Park and the Appalachian Trail, and one national park, the Shenandoah National Park.
In the Mediterranean Sea, the porbeagle is on the verge of extinction, with a population decline of over 99.99 % since the mid-20th century.
A music video for the single was filmed and released in 2000.
There was just enough time before nightfall to storm the position on its north side ( mainly up the steepest part of the slope immediately north of Gustavus's fort ), but not enough time to develop simultaneous attacks from other sides.
During Visiting Day, Tris learns that her mother's faction of origin was Dauntless.
It has long been presumed that there is a common cause at the genetic, cognitive, and neural levels for autism's characteristic triad of symptoms.
It is estimated that sustained winds reached 45 mph ( 75 km / h ) at 1200 UTC on September 5, thus the depression strengthened into a tropical storm and was named Carla, while located just northeast of Cabo Gracias a Dios.
Clement is regarded as a Church Father, like Origen.
While Mehmedbašić was travelling to Bosnia-Herzegovina from France, police searched his train for a thief.
Miller later noted that unlike other episode scenes such as in "Grey Matters", Walter's breakdown at the supermarket "came largely out of nowhere.
In the Heimskringla book Ynglinga saga, an euhemerized account of the life of Odin is provided.
By the end of the pandemic, only one major region on Earth had not reported an outbreak: the isolated island of Marajó, in Brazil's Amazon River Delta.
The earliest surviving version of the legend is a Dutch print about an Amsterdam woman named Jacamijntjen Jacobs.
The physician Sir Richard Blackmore praised William III and George I for abandoning "that superstitious and insignificant ceremony", which he believed was a "Popish" plot.
"That's as big a stage as you can get on .... it's going to be a lot of fun." He had his friend and agent, Nez Balelo, a former minor league infielder, pitch to him.
The shooting of El-Sherbini's husband Okaz by the federal police officer, who mistook him for the attacker, was cited by El-Sherbini's brother as indicative of racism in Germany.
Julia's daughter, Victoria Elizabeth, born in the Elmswood Nursing Home on 19 June 1945, was subsequently given up for adoption to a Norwegian Salvation Army Captain and his wife ( Peder and Margaret Pedersen ) after intense pressure from the Stanley family.
Severe Tropical Cyclone Anne was one of the most intense tropical cyclones within the South Pacific basin during the 1980s.
Researchers suggest that forecasts of health detriment for such long periods should be examined critically.
The Tapt Kund, a group of hot sulphur springs just below the temple, are considered to be medicinal; many pilgrims consider it a requirement to bathe in the springs before visiting the temple.
Features on Enceladus are named by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) after characters and places from Burton's translation of The Book of One Thousand and One Nights.
Dobro Pole was surrounded by a well-developed system of trenches which, in combination with the rough terrain, made the area impassable for wheeled transport.
European limits are often more stringent than the standard suggested in 1990 by the International Commission on Radiation Protection by a factor of 20, and more stringent by a factor of ten than the standard proposed by the U.S.
While at Camp Gove, the 22nd Massachusetts, with the rest of the V Corps, was frequently deployed on expeditions of varying importance.
After gaining enough experience points, players will gain levels, allowing them to access new areas and quests.
With a land area of 83.9 square miles ( 217.3 km ² ), Seattle is the northernmost city with at least 500,000 people in the United States, farther north than Canadian cities such as Toronto, Ottawa, and Montreal, at about the same latitude as Salzburg, Austria.
The majority of the applicant pool is from the New England area.
In September 1991, two judges on cases by the Vicariate and family of disappeared leftist leader Bautista van Schouwen issued court orders to begin research projects to exhume and identify the graves.
The UERL was planning extensions of the Piccadilly line to the west, north-west and north of London, and a new type of station was wanted.
Hall ) investigates a crime scene in a comic book store where he sees a poster of The Dark Defender, a character inspired by Dexter's own crimes under the guise of the "Bay Harbor Butcher", who is currently under investigation in his own police department.
Hewett's first three matches of the 1892 season were for representative sides against the universities.
The planet Jupiter has an unusually high abundance of xenon in its atmosphere; about 2.6 times as much as the Sun.
Reflector sights work by using a lens or an image-forming curved mirror with a luminous or reflective overlay image or reticle at its focus, creating an optical collimator that produces a virtual image of that reticle.
Grassland on the Helvellyn range has been heavily overgrazed for many years, yet it supports a diversity of acid grassland species including Sheep ’ s fescue ( Festuca ovina ) on the summit ridge, Matgrass ( Nardus stricta ) on the middle slopes, and fescue-bent swards on the lower slopes.
In September 1980, in the aftermath of the labor agreements, First Secretary Gierek was removed from office and replaced as Party leader by Stanisław Kania.
In London, astrophysicist Dr. Jane Foster and her intern Darcy Lewis travel to an abandoned factory where such portals have appeared, disrupting the laws of physics around them.
One common technique is to memorize a story or poem in which the word lengths represent the digits of π: The first word has three letters, the second word has one, the third has four, the fourth has one, the fifth has five, and so on.
Ocean circulation patterns have a strong influence on climate and weather and, in turn, the food supply of both humans and other organisms.
One of them survived until at least 1936, despite the presence of feral cats for part of the intervening period.
Etan Cohen created the role of Kirk Lazarus as a way of lampooning the great lengths that some method actors go to depict a role.
Two issues of Science Fiction were reprinted in the UK by Atlas Publications; these were abridged versions of the October and December 1939 issues.
In March 2011, Warner Bros. offered The Dark Knight for rent on Facebook, becoming the first movie ever to be released via digital distribution on a social networking site.
In 1980, the band's second album, Absolutely reached number 2 in the UK album charts.
Having arrived in Moscow, Evans ' first event was the 100 m breaststroke, which the Soviets were favoured to win.
We call on international organisations to ensure the world's 61 million out-of-school children are in education by the end of 2015.
These toxicity tests provide, in the words of a 2006 United States National Academy of Sciences report, "critical information for assessing hazard and risk potential".
At a VCA meeting in April 1981, Loxton announced that he was severing all connections with organised cricket.
"When Christmas Comes" was written and produced by Mariah Carey and James Poyser for the former's second Christmas album / thirteenth studio album, Merry Christmas II You ( 2010 ).
Paul Bhattacharjee as Dr. Ghujarapartidar; this was Bhattacharjee's final feature film appearance before his death in 2013.
AI researchers began to develop and use sophisticated mathematical tools more than they ever had in the past.
CERP projects are designed to capture 1.7 billion US gallons ( 6,400,000 m3 ) of fresh water every day, store it in underground reservoirs and release the water to areas within 16 counties in South Florida.
The 1957 World Championships were held in Moscow.
In the Diptera ( true flies ), there is only one pair of functional wings, with the posterior pair of wings are reduced to halteres, which help the fly to sense its orientation and movement, as well as to improve balance by acting similar to gyroscopes.
Individual American cockroaches appear to have consistently different "personalities" regarding how they seek shelter.
A Notable Historie Containing Foure Voyages made by Certaine French Captaynes unto Florida, wherein the Great Riches and Fruitefulnes of the Countrey, with the Maners of the People, hitherto Concealed, are Brought to Light ...
Wu returned to Beijing after three years of hard labour, but six years later, China fell into the even greater turmoil of the Cultural Revolution, which began in 1966.
Molotov was reported to be a vegetarian and teetotaler by American journalist John Gunther in 1938.
In 2012, the Smallville series was continued through the comic book medium with Smallville: Season 11.
On one occasion I spent the night with the Brigade Machine Gun Officer and the Signals Officer in one of the captured German dugouts ...
Jordan Dumars ( son of Joe Dumars ) transferred to the University of Michigan in January 2010 after playing in six games for the South Florida Bulls men's basketball team.
Cancellara returned to the Road World Championships in September with the aims to defend his time trial crown.
The evidence for the misuse of psychiatry for political purposes in the Soviet Union was documented in a number of articles and books.
Despite the stubborn resistance offered by the Dutch troops, they were finally broken and fled in a disorderly fashion, attempting to save themselves before the Lippe river.
Most automobiles in Brazil run either on hydrous alcohol ( E100 ) or on gasohol ( E25 blend ), as the mixture of 25 % anhydrous ethanol with gasoline is mandatory in the entire country.
While passing south of Jamaica, the storm produced the heavy rainfall in the month of July in at least 40 years, which overflowed rivers.
Several biographers of Hans-Joachim Marseille have written about his distain for authority and for the National Socialist movement in general.
I have read this bill carefully, and I beg you to accept that I know what I am talking about.
In September 2002, Langan signed a new contract to develop new projects at Granada's combined drama, film and comedy department.
Alternative rock is a broad umbrella term consisting of music that differs greatly in terms of its sound, its social context, and its regional roots.
In a retrospective review by the Official Nintendo Magazine in 2006, Steve Jarratt commented that 1080 ° "boasted the best videogame representation of snow," and was complemented by "swooshy" sound effects.
The state of war between the United States and Japan officially ended when the Treaty of San Francisco took effect on April 28, 1952.
The new Dunston B Power Station was designed by consulting engineers Merz & McLellan.
Basiliscus succeeded in seizing power in 475, exploiting the unpopularity of Emperor Zeno, the "barbarian" successor to Leo, and a plot organised by Verina that had caused Zeno to flee Constantinople.
In interviews before the release of Rewrite, Tonokawa expressed interest in expanding on the story if the game was well received.
The Australian and New Zealand Mounted Division ( known as the Anzac Mounted Division ) was formed in Egypt in 1916, after the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps ( ANZAC ) was disbanded.
When Chell awakens, GLaDOS claims to have learned "valuable lessons" about humanity from the remnants of Caroline, then deletes Caroline's personality files and reverts to her usual attitude, but decides that Chell is not worth the trouble of trying to kill, and releases her.
Abathur, an evolution master, doubted that this was possible, but reasoned that "chasing the illusion of perfection" was, regardless, tactically sound.
Individual ′ iṣābāt began forming in the countryside between Aleppo and Anatolia in 1919 to counter French advances, but Hananu gradually consolidated them into his network.
O 'Neill was selected for the tour of England in 1961, and he warmed up by scoring centuries in consecutive matches against Tasmania for the Australian squad.
Leaving behind their children at Gödöllő, Charles and Zita travelled to the Schönbrunn Palace.
To start the 2008 – 09 season, the Senators played their first-ever games in Europe, starting in Gothenburg, Sweden, playing Daniel Alfredsson's former team, Frölunda HC.
The following list shows all current and former destinations, including the city served, the country, the airport ( with IATA airport codes and ICAO airport codes ), and the begin and end year of the service.
Two companies of the Liverpool Irish landed in the assault wave with the Royal Winnipeg Rifles.
Of the Rams 13 wins, 7 of them were at home while 5 were away.
Thylacine footprints could be distinguished from other native or introduced animals; unlike foxes, cats, dogs, wombats or Tasmanian devils, thylacines had a very large rear pad and four obvious front pads, arranged in almost a straight line.
By the beginning of the 19th century, adulation was in full swing, with Shakespeare singled out as a transcendent genius, a phenomenon for which George Bernard Shaw coined the term "bardolatry" in 1901.
In the United Kingdom The Marshall Mathers LP 2 debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart.
Wired magazine, in an article entitled "Ten Impressive, Weird And Amazing Facts About Wikipedia", highlighted several of Conservapedia's articles, including those on "Atheism and obesity" and "Hollywood values", amongst others.
Repeated use of psilocybin does not lead to physical dependence.
"if you don 't succeed in throwing the British back into the sea, we shall have lost the war."
At her new job, Goldman met a fellow worker named Jacob Kershner, who shared her love for books, dancing, and traveling, as well as her frustration with the monotony of factory work.
He lectured Spanish American Literature at King's College London from 1969 to 1970.
In 1922, he became involved in Russell v Russell, which eventually went to the House of Lords, who set a common law rule that evidence about the legitimacy or illegitimacy of children born in marriage is inadmissible if it is given by either spouse.
Vettel said Red Bull "did more or less, a perfect job" in the race until his retirement from an engine failure on the forty-sixth lap.
After the trade Chamberlain found himself on a promising Sixers team that included guards Hal Greer, a future Hall-of-Famer, and talented role players Larry Costello, Chet Walker and Lucious Jackson.
The first political philosopher to call himself an anarchist was Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, marking the formal birth of anarchism in the mid-nineteenth century.
Patrick's voice is provided by actor Bill Fagerbakke, who also does the voices of numerous other characters on SpongeBob SquarePants.
Futterman was the most pleased, and wrote: "The richness of her voice removes some of the Lite FM softness embedded in the tune, and it really is great to see Tina get a song that suits her vocal abilities".
State Route 133 ( SR 133 ) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California.
Woodstock, another character from Peanuts also makes a cameo appearance.
Despite the light pop flavor of these two records, Thriller, more so than Off the Wall, displayed foreshadowings of the contradictory thematic elements that would come to characterize Jackson's subsequent works.
Cats are known for spending considerable amounts of time licking their coat to keep it clean.
Both Wessex's sudden rise to power in the late 820s, and the subsequent failure to retain this dominant position, have been examined by historians looking for underlying causes.
Colonel John Gibbon, whose men arrived at the battle on Tuesday, June 27, and also helped bury the dead, said he found Kellogg's body in a ravine where a number of men from Company E died.
In his next appearance on 5 September 2015, substitute Kane scored the fifth of England's six goals in a win over San Marino which qualified them for UEFA Euro 2016.
Korea was preparing to fire more mid-range missiles.
In the United States, the Progress Party generally supports the Republican Party, and was in 2010 called "friends" by the Republican Party chairman as he said he looked forward to the continued growth of the party and free market conservative principles.
Immediately after the confirmation of the Regulament, Russia had begun demanding that the two local Assemblies each vote an Additional Article ( Articol adițional ) – one preventing any modification of the texts without the common approval of the courts in Istanbul and Saint Petersburg.
Blizzard posted a release date for the game's first beta of Summer 2009, but failed to release a beta during that time.
Although three launch battalions were formed by the Germans in late 1943, they never got the chance to deploy to the V-weapons launch sites at Watten and Wizernes.
Before heading out to a baseball game at a nearby ballpark, sports fan Mr. Brown drinks several highball cocktails.
One of the "complicated realistic elements" of Yukino's character was her sense of purity that only her voice could convey.
Anyone who claims these boys invented sampling clearly never heard Can or musique concrete.
Although Browne had been unable to make Fantastic successful by specializing in fantasy, he was still interested in the fantasy genre, and experimented in the December 1955 issue with the theme of wish fulfilment.
The route headed to the northwest, following State Street through the northern portion of the village.
The internal unrest reached its most serious state, however, in the two civil wars that were caused by the clash between generals Gaius Marius and Lucius Cornelius Sulla starting from 88 BC.
Microsoft Security Essentials does not run on Windows 8 and later, which has its own security subsystem.
On the Vandal side, the picture is less clear.
In the fall of 2013, 85 students enrolled in the Doctor of Medicine program from an applicant pool of 4,290, with the Office of Admissions offering an acceptance rate of 6 percent.
In later life he was a critic of the Strategic Defense Initiative.
Members of the breed are small, but hardy and well-adapted to harsh conditions.
The species was first described scientifically by the Japanese mycologist Sanshi Imai in 1939, based on various collections made in Japan during 1933 – 38.
Mexican actor Ricardo Montalbán was cast as the genetic superman Khan Noonian Singh, having been the first choice for the role.
In Birth by Sleep, Aqua apprentices in the Land of Departure where potential Keyblade Masters study to receive their "Mark of Mastery".
Bosanquet did not bat in a style typical of a cricketer from Eton, where batsmen were taught to play with style and grace.
The Boadicea-class cruiser was a pair of scout cruisers built for the Royal Navy in the first decade of the 20th century.
In March 2015, Beyoncé became a co-owner, with other artists, of the music streaming service Tidal.
Peerenboom, Randall, ed . ( 2004 ), Asian Discourses of Rule of Law: Theories and Implementation of Rule of Law in Twelve Asian Countries, France and the U.S., London: RoutledgeCurzon, ISBN 978-0-415-32613-1.
The initial order for the -100SR — four aircraft for Japan Air Lines ( JAL, later Japan Airlines ) — was announced on October 30, 1972; rollout occurred on August 3, 1973, and the first flight took place on August 31, 1973.
The Imperial War Museum is an executive non-departmental public body under the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, from which it receives financial support in the form of a grant-in-aid.
The main walks were lit at night by hundreds of lamps.
In 1892, the New Zealand Rugby Football Union ( NZRFU — later renamed New Zealand Rugby Union ) was formed by the majority of New Zealand's provincial rugby unions.
Over the course of his career, Mercury performed an estimated 700 concerts in countries around the world with Queen.
What Baker's transition team was told by Donald Regan's staff that weekend shocked them.
After this, the Australian forces were heavily reinforced by the 7th Division's 21st and 25th Brigades.
Sensing the importance of the two quick wickets, in particular that of Bradman, who had been so productive at Headingley, the crowd erupted.
His mother, Carol Olivia ( née Williams ), was an art teacher, and his father, Timothy John Wroughton Craig, was the landlord of the pubs Ring o ' Bells in Frodsham, Cheshire and the Boot Inn in Tarporley, Cheshire, having served as a midshipman in the Merchant Navy.
Sinatra was noted for his impeccable sense of style.
As the main source of Portland's drinking water, the watershed is largely restricted to uses related to water collection, storage, and treatment, and to forest management.
Other formations were also formed but were mostly eroded following uplift from the Laramide orogeny which started around 70 million years ago ( mya ).
At first the Army General Staff gave Matsui an assignment in France, but in 1907 he got his wish to go to China, where he worked as an aide to the military attaché and did intelligence work.
The primary reforms are found in Section 1 of the Act.
After the wide release cancellation, Sony considered other ways to release the film, citing pressure from the film industry, theater owners, and the White House.
The stream's course leads Olivero to a mill, where through a lighted window he sees a woman tied to a chair, forced by the miller to drink the blood of a freshly slaughtered lamb.
Nnaemeka argues that the crucial question, broader than FGM, is why the female body is subjected to so much "abuse and indignity" around the world, including in the West.
A 35 acres ( 0.055 sq mi; 0.142 km2 ) planned community complex for the California School for the Blind in Fremont, California.
The Hood event ( Turkish: Çuval Olayı ) was an incident on July 4, 2003 following the 2003 invasion of Iraq where a group of Turkish military personnel operating in northern Iraq were captured, led away with hoods over their heads, and interrogated by the United States military.
Debbie Bull from Rolling Stone, meanwhile, opined that "her torchy ballad ' Love Don 't Live Here Anymore ' is awful." Larry Flick from Billboard complimented both the versions of the song, calling the first version "a lush slice of symphonic pop", and the other an "old-school, jeep-soul cruiser.
In this situation, constitutional convention is that the previous incumbent has the first right to form a coalition government and seek appointment.
Recently, however, Calhoun's reputation has suffered due to his defense of slavery.
With a hostile Whig-dominated legislature, Morton's reform agenda went nowhere.
With Taejon captured, North Korean forces began surrounding the Pusan Perimeter from all sides in an attempt to envelop it.
Shaye, the founder of New Line, stated that he was "disappointed" that Snakes on a Plane was a "dud" despite "higher expectations".
The present bridge, an unadorned steel cantilever bridge designed by Sir Thomas Peirson Frank, was opened in 1940.
Kyra, also known by her title the Seer, is a fictional character from the American television supernatural drama Charmed, which aired on the WB Television Network ( the WB ) from 1998 to 2006.
The A $ 250 million VY mid-cycle update of 2002 represented the first major styling shift since the 1997 VT.
Several songs used in the film are laden with meaning.
Gould favored the argument that evolution has no inherent drive towards long-term "progress".
That April, he fired her after Hall accidentally slammed a cage door on JBL's head during a steel cage match and put together a "second-rate" United States championship celebration.
Although brine shrimp can be found in the arm of the lake north of the causeway, studies conducted by the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources indicate that these are likely transient.
In the winter of 1271 – 1272 reinforcements arrived from Meissen, led by Count Dietrich II.
The opening track "Playa Playa" features basketball metaphors and gospel overtones, which accompany the track's slow funk and jazz vibe.
The game would go on to sell 342,779 copies in the region by the end of 2005, becoming the 30th best-selling software title of that year, with a total of 397,000 copies sold worldwide by December 2007.
There are exceptions to the anonymous tradition of the Upanishads and other Vedic literature.
Fossils from France show that the genus dates back at least 20 million years.
Despite the LCL's defeat, the failure of the LM to gain internal supremacy over the conservatives was seen by the latter as a vindication of their policies.
The decision may have important implications for other disputes relating to the extent of executive power and the unitary executive theory.
The Half Moon Battery, which remains a prominent feature on the east side of the castle, was built as part of the reconstruction works supervised by the Regent Morton, and was erected between 1573 and 1588.
Burr compared the response of literary critics to Angelou's poem with critics of Frost's poem: "Frost's powerful reading served to supplement the poem in the sense of enhancing it, while Angelou's powerful reading of her poem supplemented it in the sense of making evident its inadequacy and lack."
Against his wishes Braham was rested from operations and posted from No 141 Squadron on 1 October 1943 to attend a staff officer course at Camberley.
In May 2011, it was announced that Spears would headline Summerfest on July 9, 2011, at the Marcus Amphitheater in Milwaukee.
In 1897, Bosanquet went to Oriel College, Oxford, and although he left in 1900 without completing a degree, he recorded many sporting accomplishments.
No more volumes were purchased until the end of 1820, when the society acquired the works of Livy, Tacitus, and John Marshall's Life of Washington.
In the twentieth century Æthelwulf's reputation among historians was poor: he was seen as excessively pious and impractical, and his pilgrimage was viewed as a desertion of his duties.
Commenting on the high use of Latin in XV prior to its public name change, Nomura stated that he wanted a language that was no longer used on a daily basis and that people "won 't be able to understand and yet appreciate", desiring a sense of general equality.
Delhi houses the Supreme Court of India and the regional Delhi High Court along with the Small Causes Court for civil cases; the Magistrate Court and the Sessions Court for criminal cases has jurisdiction over Delhi.
The first part of the link, between Stord and Sveio, including the Stord Bridge and Bømlafjord Tunnel, was taken into use on 27 December 2000.
The riddle may depend upon the assumption that a clumsy person falling off a wall might not be irreparably damaged, whereas an egg would be.
Bertin is presented as strong, energetic and warm-hearted.
Sir Bevil Grenville's Monument is a monument erected in 1720 on Lansdown, then called "Lansdowne Hill", 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north-west of the city of Bath, in Somerset, England.
The user interface and menus were created by Joe Kowalski, who had previously worked on similar game elements for Guitar Hero, Guitar Hero II, and the Rock Band series.
The keel for Re di Portogallo was laid down at the William H.
Warner made no pretense of faithfulness to his wife, Ann, and kept a series of mistresses throughout the 1950s and 1960s.
During the Microsoft press conference at the 2011 E3 Expo, it was revealed that Halo: Combat Evolved would be remade by 343 Industries with an in-house game engine and would include achievements, Terminals, and Skulls.
"Deep Throat" was cited as beginning to "set the stage for the central conflicts" of the series.
The peak was originally settled 8,000 to 10,000 years ago by ancestors of the Latgawa Native American tribe.
In 1860, a much closer gold rush occurred in the San Bernardino Mountains when prospector William Holcomb discovered significant deposits, just over the northern drainage divide of the Santa Ana River.
Like some other grassland psilocybin mushroom species such as P. mexicana, P. tampanensis and Conocybe cyanopus, P. semilanceata may form sclerotia, a dormant form of the fungus, which affords it some protection from wildfires and other natural disasters.
Stocks were increased by animals transferred from other zoos that had been forced to close.
A lot of times people will hear songs that I write that are not the typical songs people look at as ' Mariah Carey songs.'
By the second half of the twentieth century, the declining population trend had gone into reverse.
Belevitch is best known for his contributions to circuit theory, particularly the mathematical basis of filters, modulators, coupled lines, and non-linear circuits.
In March 2016, Bristol City Council approved plans for an S-shaped footbridge over the Floating Harbour, linking the park to the Finzels Reach development.
In June 2010, Jack Thorpe filed a federal lawsuit against the borough of Jim Thorpe, seeking to have his father's remains returned to his homeland and re-interred near other family members in Oklahoma.
As Arsenal finished third in their Champions League group, they entered the UEFA Cup.
In 2012, the Smallville series was continued through the comic book medium with Smallville: Season 11.
In 1978 Atrash hosted a dinner aimed at healing the rift between the ruling Ba 'ath governments of Syria and neighboring Iraq.
Hamels was selected the Phillies starter for Game 1 of the World Series; the Phillies won 3 – 2, and Hamels earned his fourth win of the postseason.
Also synonymised with this species is Adenanthos crenata, published by Carl Ludwig Willdenow's in Kurt Polycarp Joachim Sprengel's 1825 16th edition of Systema Vegetabilium.
In January 1882, while most of the survivors began their long journey home, Melville, Nindemann and James Bartlett prepared to head a new search in the delta when weather allowed.
However, since these reports occurred in a higher pressure gradient, the system was not included in HURDAT.
Cambridge saw three rowers return to the crew with Boat Race experience, including number five Charles Sergel who was making his third consecutive appearance.
Brown and Lenihan were at odds over various political positions after Lenihan played a major role in Brown's election to the office of Mayor.
Appearing in EastEnders: E20 brought Thompson public recognition, from groups ranging from "screaming girls to proud parents".
Byron and Beasly is a blue baby with two heads.
The film was an early example of efforts to move beyond theater blocking conventions.
Three thousand years ago, an Aztec warlord named Yaotl and his four generals discover a portal opening into a parallel universe which is said to have great power.
Brulé made the Blue Jackets ' lineup in his first NHL training camp and signed with the club to a three-year, entry-level contract on October 3, 2005.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of Perfectionist.
When encountering natives in the New World, Spanish explorers were occasionally told of a tribe composed entirely of women.
He also improved the design of the puck.
After retiring from football, Gatski was a scout for the Boston Patriots for two years before becoming head football coach and athletic director at the West Virginia Industrial School for Boys, a correctional facility for young offenders in Pruntytown, West Virginia.
While Lazzell is most well known for her white-line woodcuts, she also created ceramics, hooked rugs, paintings, and gouache studies.
The campaign began in August 2000, when John Purnell, director of security for Tesco, the United Kingdom's largest supermarket chain, was telephoned by a newsagent in Bournemouth, Dorset, who had discovered a copy of an extortion letter left on his shop's photocopier.
Since May 2013 RIAA certifications for digital singles include on-demand audio and / or video song streams in addition to downloads.
Chyur tree in the high altitudes of the Himalayas growing at an altitude between 500 to 1000 m, known as the Indian butter tree ( Diploknema butyracea ), is called a Kalpavriskha, or tree of paradise by the people of the mountainous region as it yields honey, jaggery and ghee.
Enlisting for service as a captain in the Northwest Indian War in 1791, Adair was soon promoted to major and assigned to the brigade of James Wilkinson.
In the United States, "Cherish" debuted at number 37 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
In the Middle Ages, there were rumors of secret mystical or alchemical means of placing mind into matter, such as Jābir ibn Hayyān's Takwin, Paracelsus ' homunculus and Rabbi Judah Loew's Golem.
The West Wing is approximately 215 metres ( 705 ft ) long, and has 37 heavy gun positions and two main magazines, along with various auxiliary buildings, including canteens, stores and detention facilities.
The most successful, "My Happiness", reached # 4 on the ARIA Singles Chart, won the 2001 ARIA Music Award for "Single of the Year", and topped Triple J's Hottest 100 in 2000.
Metternich travelled with Dorothea Lieven to Brussels soon after the congress broke up, and although he could not stay more than a few days, the pair exchanged letters for the next eight years.
At this time, there were only 2,500 soldiers in the Mexican interior.
The remains of the gatehouse and north range comprise only fragments of walls and one side of the entrance arch, with the remains of a bartizan above.
The city of Humboldt is at km 115.
In North America, hail is most common in the area where Colorado, Nebraska, and Wyoming meet, known as "Hail Alley." Hail in this region occurs between the months of March and October during the afternoon and evening hours, with the bulk of the occurrences from May through September.
In the early 760s it was the site of a toll-station, where the agents of the Kentish kings collected dues on trading ships using the Wantsum route ...
On the left-wing and counterculture side, the film included references to topical political matters like Kent State shootings, President Harry S.
In 1898 Calthrop corresponded with the government of the colony of Victoria, Australia, regarding proposals for the construction of narrow gauge lines in that colony.
Season 3 begins with Underwood's presidency off to a rocky start: six months into his term, he is unpopular with the public, and Congress is blocking his attempts to move legislation forward.
In early 1944 he became part of the cadre assigned to build up the newly activated 434th Fighter Squadron and its parent 479th Fighter Group, based at Lomita, California.
Heather moor containing ling, bell heather, cross-leaved heath, bog myrtle and fescues is abundant and there is a diversity of arctic and alpine plants including alpine pearlwort and mossy cyphal.
In light of the Armenians ' advance into Azerbaijan, Turkey's prime minister Tansu Çiller, warned the Armenian government not to attack Nakhichevan and demanded that Armenians pull out of Azerbaijan's territories.
The concession was granted on 18 January 1991, but the airline chose to not start the route.
The partial veil that covers the young gills forms a thick, woolly ring on the upper part of the stem.
Along with Pliny the Elder, the only other noble casualties of the eruption to be known by name were Agrippa ( a son of the Herodian Jewish princess Drusilla and the procurator Antonius Felix ) and his wife.
Michael Britten, portrayed by Jason Isaacs, is the father of the Britten family.
Between January and February, 1760, more than 77 settlers on the Carolina frontier were killed by Cherokee war parties, and the British settlement boundaries had been effectively pushed back by more than 100 miles.
The Capitol Limited was inaugurated on May 12, 1923, as an all-Pullman sleeping car train running from Pennsylvania Station in New York City to Chicago, via Washington, D.
The medieval church of St John was demolished in 1824 and built anew on the same site, though a stump of the Medieval preaching cross survives by the exterior south wall.
A constitutional amendment effecting greater reforms was voted on and approved in the Chamber of Deputies, but still faced major opposition in the Senate.
Thus the notion "force" loses already part of its meaning.
After asking Will if there is any reason she should not marry Ken, and being warned off Will by Terri, Emma accepts his proposal.
These statues are human figures made with white plaster.
After attaining its secondary peak intensity, Betty began to deteriorate as it began to interact with Vietnam.
On the next play, NC State picked up the game's first first down with a rush up the middle by fullback Mal Crite.
The route heads east as a two-lane highway, before curving northeast.
The band toured from June 6, 2013 to late summer to promote this album.
The traditional view of the Christianisation of Scotland has seen it as carried out by Irish-Scots missionaries and to a lesser extent those from Rome and England.
A programme to upgrade 46 Chinook Mk2 / 2A and Mk3 helicopters was initiated in December 2008.
In 1991, the Who recorded a cover of Elton John's "Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting" for the tribute album Two Rooms: Celebrating the Songs of Elton John & Bernie Taupin.
The oldest known pills were made of the zinc carbonates hydrozincite and smithsonite.
Rearmed was well received with scores in the 80 % range across all three platforms at aggregate website Metacritic.
In response to these concerns, DFS services implemented changes to improve the fairness and transparency of their contests, including entry limits, banning off-site scripts, identifying veteran-level players, allowing users to block players they do not wish to compete against, and adding beginner-level contests intended for new users.
The magic of the movie to me at that time was the portrayal of Kattabomman by the doyen of Tamil actors, Sivaji Ganesan.
The inaugural champion was Triple H, and there were 25 different champions overall.
Cook considered Floridian populations to be distinct from both the Cuba R. regia and the Puerto Rican R. borinquena, and he placed them in a new species, R. floridana, which is now considered a synonym of R. regia.
Poets in the Romantic Era recast the myth and adapted the image of the nightingale with its song to be a poet and “ master of a superior art that could inspire the human poet ”.
Madonna confirmed on The Howard Stern Show that she would be filming a music video for the song in Los Angeles.
Reviews were positive, though most critics found that the character of Eko was killed too soon in the show.
In the summer of 1959, Mona Best decided to open a club in her cellar, and offered the Les Stewart Quartet a residency if they would help convert the cellar.
John Madden Football ' 93 is a 1992 sports video game developed by Blue Sky Productions ( later Looking Glass Studios ) and Electronic Arts and published by EA Sports Network.
In December 2014, Hyman was named to the 50th Great Lakes Invitational Tournament team, where he scored both game-winning goals against Michigan Tech and Michigan State, to help lead Michigan to its 16th Tournament Title.
Her clothes are of the then-fashionable Burgundian style, which emphasises the tall and thin aesthetic of the Gothic ideal.
By the late 1940s, the congregation had increased in size to approximately 300 families, and had outgrown its original facilities.
Trina's bitten fingers become infected and have to be amputated.
Lee was born in Marylebone, London on 26 October 1890, the eldest of three boys, all of whom progressed to play first-class cricket.
During the second half of the 20th century the number of companies using the railroad for shipping on Chicago's near north side declined severely.
The song's Bad Boy remix featured a different music video as well.
Although the tag team of The Mega Bucks was short-lived, DiBiase and André appeared in the 1989 arcade game WWF Superstars as the game's boss tag team.
Fremantle Prison was built on a land grant of about 36 acres ( 15 ha ) from limestone quarried on-site, and timber cut from Mount Eliza.
WINC joined the NBC Radio Network ( previously named NBC Red ) on November 1, 1951, after more than 10 years as an ABC affiliate ( previously called NBC Blue ).
The preview compared Ryu's ability to climb and spring off walls to the gameplay in Metroid.
After enrolling at Northeastern, Barea returned to Puerto Rico where he again joined Indios de Mayagüez for the 2002 BSN season where in 14 games, he averaged 2.8 points per game.
Pickersgill died on October 4, 1857, and is buried in Loudon Park Cemetery in southwest Baltimore.
Compounds from T. felleus have been extracted and researched for potential medical uses.
Brundage, through his tenure, slowly came around to the position advocated by Iron Curtain IOC members, that the important thing was to recognize the mainland, with Taiwan of less importance.
Because of the colored volva, A. atkinsoniana resembles A. onusta, which differs from A. atkinsoniana by the small to medium-sized fruit bodies with a grayish veil as dark gray to brownish gray warts and a basal bulb which is usually somewhat rooting.
In 1925 the BBC broadcast an adaptation with Hesketh Pearson as Jack Worthing.
Prinz Eugen saw action during Operation Rheinübung, an attempted breakout into the Atlantic Ocean with the battleship Bismarck in May 1941.
A minor Army-Air Force fight then broke out about what targets would be used for the Kwajalein tests.
Although he had been born in a U.S. territory, and had fought in the United States ' Army, Calugas technically was not a citizen.
He was named to the 1994 College Football All-America and 1994 All-Big Ten teams.
Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike is a comedy play written by Christopher Durang.
Even after fighting in the American Revolutionary War began at Lexington and Concord in April 1775, most colonists still hoped for reconciliation with Great Britain.
In East Asia, where polished white rice was the common staple food of the middle class, beriberi resulting from lack of vitamin B1 was endemic.
On the first night of the 2008 Democratic National Convention, Craig Robinson introduced his younger sister.
Riverhead Books published The Kite Runner, ordering an initial printing of 50,000 copies in hardback.
Mathews was part of an Anglo-Zanzibari expedition sent to quell it, which consisted of 310 British sailors, 50 Royal Marines, 54 Sudanese and 164 Zanzibari troops.
"This is us desperate to be Miles Davis … It's got a groove.
Inari is a popular deity with shrines and temples located throughout most of Japan.
In 1997, DM & E announced plans to expand into the Powder River Basin ( PRB ) in Wyoming and start providing unit coal train service from that area.
In the single-player story mode, the player controls a nameless barbarian who is on a quest to defeat the evil wizard Drax.
The Fourth International ( FI ) is the Communist international organisation consisting of followers of Leon Trotsky, or Trotskyists, with the declared goal of helping the working class bring about socialism and work toward international communism.
After the governor intervened and Wattles allowed arbitration, a number of agreements were made.
Although he depicted Tucana on his chart, Bayer did not assign its stars Bayer designations.
For most of the 20th century, women's football was a niche sport in Germany and was frowned upon.
A Dark Elf, and Malekith's trusted and loyal lieutenant, who is transformed into a monstrous creature in order to destroy Thor.
Due to fan requests and letters, as well as their connection to its personal meaning and content, the song remains one of Carey's most performed songs.
In June 2008, captainSMRT, writing for Gamasutra, stated that DotA "is likely the most popular and most-discussed free, non-supported game mod in the world".
Weekly installments of 30 Rock are available to download for a per-episode fee, to U.S. residents only, via Amazon Video, Apple's iTunes Store, Google Play, and the now-defunct "NBC Direct" service.
In 1923 Hitler enlisted the help of World War I General Erich Ludendorff for an attempted coup known as the "Beer Hall Putsch".
The Königsberg class was a group of four light cruisers built for the German Imperial Navy.
The accident involved a Boeing 737-800 aircraft, one of Boeing's 737 Next Generation series, with aircraft registration VT – AXV and manufacturer's serial number 36333, line number 2481.
Alan Sepinwall of The Star-Ledger wrote that "when Lost is at its best … it manages to balance revelations … with great character moments.
The fourth feud heading into No Way Out was between Bobby Lashley and Mr. Kennedy.
Studios began publishing an Escape From New York comic book by writer, Christopher Sebela.
Since bubbles can form in or migrate to any part of the body, DCS can produce many symptoms, and its effects may vary from joint pain and rashes to paralysis and death.
She is then tasked to escort Dr. Otto Schenker, an East German scientist, to England.
The commander of the UNSC warship Spirit of Fire is Captain James Cutter ( Gregg Berger ), a strong leader who has earned the admiration of his subordinates.
In 2011, the MCA celebrated its 15th anniversary of the MCA Stage.
There were other factors that prompted Inhaúma to have second thoughts.
It is surrounded by smaller towns including Horley, Redhill, Reigate, Dorking, Horsham, Haywards Heath and East Grinstead.
The Møntergården cultural history museum of Odense is one of the most notable remaining Renaissance buildings of the city, built in 1646 by the nobleman Falk Gøye.
It is not known what was said in the cockpit in the 50 seconds leading up to final impact, as the cockpit voice recorder lost power when the engine detached.
Two years after his retirement, in May 1964, Governor John J.
It is not known whether the seed collection sent to the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, by Menzies in 1793 included seeds of B. sessilis, but if it did then it did not germinate.
After almost three years of touring to promote the album Metallica, including a headlining performance at Woodstock ' 94, Metallica returned to the studio to write and record its sixth studio album.
Rogers learned from questioning the prisoners that a French and Indian war party had just arrived at Carillon, and that the two forts were garrisoned by a thousand regulars.
NY 21 breaks from NY 36 and proceeds to the northeast along an unnamed road; NY 36, however, continues along the bypass to I-86 and NY 17, where the two roads meet at I-86 and NY 17 exit 34 via a full cloverleaf interchange.
The Philippines, Indonesia, Russia, Canada and Australia are the world's largest producers of nickel, as reported by the US Geological Survey.
Despite this another scandal occurred over inhumane treatment of paupers in the Huddersfield workhouse.
Lois Maxwell, who played Miss Moneypenny in the James Bond film series from 1962 to 1985, lived in Frome from 1994 to 2001.
The 73-minute recording was directed by Andy Saunders, and was produced by Saunders and Tom Bairstaw.
Following the death of Queen Elizabeth I of England in 1603, the throne of England was inherited by the Scottish House of Stuart, resulting in the Union of the Crowns: the Kingdom of England and Kingdom of Scotland were united in a personal union under King James VI and I.
The 20th Brigade, under the command of Brigadier Victor Windeyer, was chosen to spearhead the assault with a landing at a beach 16 miles ( 26 km ) to the east of Lae.
An oil tanker, also known as a petroleum tanker, is a merchant ship designed for the bulk transport of oil.
The modified Kid's Meal line will include new products, such as broiled Chicken Tenders, apple "fries" ( French cut, raw apples served in a fry box ), and Kraft macaroni and cheese.
The grown young may stay with the female until departure for Africa.
Some sculpture of French infantrymen, for example, aims to capture the spirit of French republicanism, while others are designed with more right-wing, nationalist attributes.
At a distance of 613 parsecs, Kepler-11d has an apparent magnitude of 14.2.
Berzelius ' terminology was widely adopted although it was subsequently regarded by some commentators as counterintuitive, misapplied, incorrect or invalid.
Tensions in Europe had been steadily mounting since the French Revolution of 1789 and in 1792 the French Revolutionary Wars began with war between the new French Republic and the Austrian and Prussian Empires.
The treatises cover a wide range of topics, including Symeon's defense against Stephen regarding his own views on the unity of the Holy Trinity.
Crashing his car in a chain reaction, Brian becomes angry and tells Stewie that Santa does not exist.
In the HPHT method, there are three main press designs used to supply the pressure and temperature necessary to produce synthetic diamond: the belt press, the cubic press and the split-sphere ( BARS ) press.
Based on intelligence acquired by a spy in Buell's army, Buckner advised Bragg that Buell was still ten miles from Louisville in the town of Mackville.
On July 3, 2014, six justices ordered an injunction that allowed Wheaton College of Illinois, a religiously affiliated university, an exemption from complying with Affordable Care Act's mandate on contraception.
Even within the theatre itself there was division.
Literary activity also flourished during the reign of Ivan Alexander.
In the ensuing years, Abdullah leaves Afghanistan and Mr. Wahdati suffers a stroke, prompting Nila to take Pari and move to Paris, France.
Charles Darwin read Sir John's 1809 pamphlet, and was impressed with a passage that elaborated on how "the weak and the unhealthy do not live to propagate their infirmities".
Nock started out as a locksmith, but he took out a patent for a gun lock in 1775.
In the 2011 National League Division Series against the St. Louis Cardinals, Hamels started Game 3 which resulted in a 3-2 win to give the Phillies a 2-1 series lead, however the Phillies would lose Games 4 and 5 to be eliminated.
As of May 2016, the Netherlands ranks as the second top selling European market after Norway, and also has the world's fifth largest light-duty plug-in vehicle stock.
The black-headed sugar ant can be found in most Australian states.
On Good Friday, 10 April 1612, Malkin Tower was the venue for perhaps the best-known alleged witches ' coven in English legal history.
The commanding officer of the Alamogordo Army Air Base made the following statement today: "Several inquiries have been received concerning a heavy explosion which occurred on the Alamogordo Air base reservation this morning.
The stadium — the first in Cyprus with a roof over the stands — was built by supporters of the club and footballers and completed in 1952.
The Chronicle, Duke's independent undergraduate daily newspaper, has been continually published since 1905 and now, along with its website, has a readership of about 70,000.
He attained the license to publish Halo comics, including the single-volume The Halo Graphic Novel, in 2005.
The main armament of the Ibuki class was intended to be ten 50-caliber 20 cm 3rd Year Type No. 2 guns mounted in twin turrets, three forward and two aft of the superstructure, numbered one through five from the bow to the stern.
The theme of the entertainment was an invocation of cosmic forces to come to the aid of the monarchy, which at that time was threatened by the rebellion not only of Huguenots but of many Catholic nobles.
The structure was redesigned to duplicate the current noise level supporters create during games.
As an explanation for the universally high mortality rate, this hypothesis was questioned in a letter to the journal published in April 2010 by Andrew Noymer and Daisy Carreon of the University of California, Irvine, and Niall Johnson of the Australian Commission on Safety and Quality in Health Care.
The British Scout programme is also offered to British citizens living outside of the United Kingdom via the British Scouting Overseas ( BSO ) Area.
NY 63 forks from NY 5 at the western city line, returning to the town of Batavia, changing names to Lewiston Road as it passes by Batavia Downs and runs northwest from downtown.
The universities were unable to agree on a date for race in both 1850 and 1851.
The most common way to express superlatives is with ជាងគេ / ciəŋ keː /: "A X / ciəŋ keː /" ( A is the most X ).
In the episode, Liz Lemon ( Tina Fey ) takes back her sleazy ex-boyfriend Dennis Duffy ( Winters ), while Jack Donaghy ( Alec Baldwin ) takes it upon himself to convince her that she is headed for a life of mediocrity.
The SR Merchant Navy class ( originally known as the 21C1 class, and later informally known as Bulleid Pacifics, Spam Cans or Packets ) is a class of air-smoothed 4-6-2 Pacific steam locomotives designed for the Southern Railway of the United Kingdom by Oliver Bulleid.
In the same month, he and the LAX began a storyline that saw them refuse to wrestle ( as well as himself and Moody Jack refusing to commentate ), claiming that Latinos were discriminated against within TNA.
Cole said that the song took its inspiration froms her newly acquired love for dance music on the charts, especially David Guetta & Kelly Rowland's "When Love Takes Over".
Russell's teaching that the Great Pyramid of Giza was built under God's direction was overturned in 1928, when Rutherford asserted that it had been built under the direction of Satan for the purpose of deceiving God's people in the last days.
By orienting the substrates into a productive arrangement to reduce the reaction entropy change.
It was not until Richard Carlile's 1818 trial for publishing The Age of Reason that Paine's text became "the anti-Bible of all lower-class nineteenth-century infidel agitators".
Moses Kamut and Elis Lapenmal participated on behalf of Vanuatu in track and field, or athletics, events at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
The current Theatre Royal on Drury Lane is the most recent of four incarnations, the first of which opened in 1663, making it the oldest continuously used theatre in London.
A ministry is usually composed of a headquarters and a number of departments, boards or other subordinate entities, and statutory boards.
Three contestants each take their place behind a lectern, with the returning champion occupying the leftmost lectern ( from the viewer's perspective ).
Upon Morales ' election, Bolivia's illiteracy rate was at 16 %, the highest in South America.
Perot's performance satisfied the 5 % popular vote threshold for third party candidates, classifying it as successful under the criterion established by scholar Walter Dean Burnham.
In 1944 Arch Ward, the influential sports editor of the Chicago Tribune, started a new professional football league called the All-America Football Conference ( AAFC ).
Mr. Frank joined to the board of directors of the New York-based Signature Bank on Wednesday, June 17, 2015.
Only a marriage between two individuals who are not otherwise prohibited from marrying is valid in this State.
The cafe Violetta was run by local restaurateur Dwayne Beliakoff.
"Commander" is a song performed by American recording artist Kelly Rowland from her third studio album, Here I Am ( 2011 ).
At Unicamp, academic studies are usually divided into four main areas: exact sciences ( which includes formal and physical sciences ), human sciences ( roughly equivalent to social science, including Arts ), biological sciences ( roughly equivalent to life sciences ) and technologies ( including engineering and technical studies ).
"Teso Dos Bichos" is the eighteenth episode of the third season of the science fiction television series The X-Files.
When the war ended, there were 92,000 Australian soldiers in France, 60,000 in England and 17,000 in Egypt, Palestine and Syria.
Gestation is eight to nine months long, after which a single calf weighing about 9 kg ( 20 lb ) is born.
Yi is fluent in both Mandarin and his native tongue of Cantonese.
During the Battle of Tabsor the 3rd ( Lahore ), 7th ( Meerut ) and 75th Divisions attacked the entrenched Ottoman Empire Eighth Army defending the Tabsor defences.
The music video features the typical plot of Bart rebelling against authority when he decides to put his own spin on a rigidly choreographed dance presentation at Springfield Elementary School.
Braun said "I am Jewish", and "I'm extremely proud to be a role model for young Jewish kids." "It's something I'm really proud of.
Benjamin Champney was a master at painting water and is known for warm autumn colors.
In the 1985 Beirut car bombing, Hezbollah leader Mohammad Hussein Fadlallah was targeted, but the assassination attempt failed.
The re-release came about after Victory asked the band whether or not if they were going to do a new album.
The Cornish language is derived from the Brythonic branch of the Insular Celtic languages.
The Royal Marines Division were earmarked for Hardboiled, trained in mountain warfare, and given cold weather equipment.
From its inception, the Progressive League was plagued by internal conflict between Progressives ( former Moderate Conservatives ) and Historicals ( former Liberals ).
On 5 February 2015, Network Rail's tracklaying machine reached the end of the line at Tweedbank station where a large crowd had gathered.
"The Crepes of Wrath" was the first episode of The Simpsons for which George Meyer was credited as a writer, and he wrote it together with Sam Simon, John Swartzwelder and Jon Vitti.
Children are more at risk for lead poisoning because their smaller bodies are in a continuous state of growth and development.
The Americans had managed to extinguish her fires by 14: 00 and Yorktown was making 19 knots ( 35 km / h; 22 mph ) by 14: 30 when the second group of Japanese aircraft launched from the Hiryū was approaching, low level torpedo bombers this time.
The painting was bought at the Summer Exhibition by the Marquess of Stafford, which greatly pleased Etty.
The song was released onto U.S. radios on 22 January 1994 and debuted at number 20 on the U.S.
Freight trains from Tonbridge West Yard were not permitted to depart until the line was clear as far as Southborough Viaduct.
What Maisie Knew is a 2012 American drama film written by Carroll Cartwright and Nancy Doyne and directed by Scott McGehee and David Siegel.
In 2009, The Greencards continued to tour, performed again at MerleFest, the Strawberry Park Bluegrass Festival in Preston, CT, and were on the bill for Lollapalooza.
Horses are able to sleep both standing up and lying down.
Both Ralph Churches and Les Laws were decorated for their actions in escaping and assisting the Partisans in planning the raid.
In November 19, 1951, Zhou called a conference in Shenyang to discuss improvements to China's logistical network, but these did little to directly resolve China's supply problems.
Although Commodus engaged in show combat in the Colosseum, he was not killed in the arena; he was strangled in his bath by the wrestler Narcissus.
Records announced "Celebration" as the lead single from the album.
Fascist, Hitlerite, reactionary, counter-revolutionary hooligans financed by the imperialist west took advantage of the unrest to stage a counter-revolution.
The Kongō-class ships were redesignated as 3rd-class coast defense ships in 1898 although they continued their training duties.
The Japanese cabinet considered the Allied response, and Suzuki argued that they must reject it and insist on an explicit guarantee for the imperial system.
The origin of the dust bands is less problematic.
Rowell refused to give General Douglas MacArthur's General Headquarters ( GHQ ) in Brisbane a "ball to ball" description of the action, sending only factual information at stated times.
Following the game's debut in 1999, the Nemesis became one of the most recognizable and popular characters in the Resident Evil series.
When Mlle Electra was exhibited at Kingston Fair, Norman realised he would be better off working alone, and successfully staged his own "Electric Lady" in Hammersmith.
One of these, named "The Rapids," consisted then of 44 taxpayers, nine frame houses, four log houses, two brick dwellings, two taverns and three stores.
The group disbanded on the November 27 episode of Raw, when they were defeated in a five-on-three handicap match by DX and Flair.
After attending the Maple Leafs training camp ahead of the 2009 – 10 National Hockey League ( NHL ) season, Reimer was again sent down to the AHL.
In creating the visual look for Miles, Pichelli followed her usual practice of approaching the design by giving thought to the character's personality, including the background that influenced it, and the distinctive traits that he would exhibit, such as the clothing he wears, his body language and expressions.
Everything being shot on location, as Dreyer believed it would be beneficial by lending the dream-like ghost world of the film as well as allowing them to save money by not having to rent studio space.
Following their arrival, the British reconnoitred the fort and began planning for the assault.
The album received a mixed review from Adam Carroll from Seen It Heard It.
Different Germanic Neopagan groups celebrate different festivals according to their cultural and religious focus.
On January 25, 2008, eight of the top ten stories on Digg.com were about either Scientology-related controversies or Anonymous and attempts to expose Scientology.
St George's Church is a 14th-century stone building with slate roof.
Vittorio Veneto was ordered under the 1934 construction program, and was named for the Battle of Vittorio Veneto, a decisive Italian victory over the Austro-Hungarian Empire in October – November 1918 during World War I.
Next, the writers develop the scenes onto a marker-filled whiteboard, featuring "a brief ordered description of each scene".
John Corvinus married Beatrice de Frangepan in 1496.
Silicon carbide fibers are used to measure gas temperatures in an optical technique called thin filament pyrometry.
In 1972, Culverhouse had a handshake deal to buy the Los Angeles Rams from owner Dan Reeves for $ 17 million, only to learn that Reeves later sold the team to Robert Irsay for $ 19 million.
The droids are sold to a family of moisture farmers, whose nephew Luke Skywalker ( Chris ) wishes to join the Rebellion and fight the Empire.
Sultan did not initially have any male heirs and it is possible that Usama expected to succeed him.
Interactive graphics and other features were added in 1991 with version 2.0.
Atlantique, Éditions de l 'Actualité Scientifique Poitou-Charentes, 2015.
The fifth tropical cyclone to form or enter the central Pacific was first identified on September 25 several hundred miles south of the Hawaiian Islands.
This species is considered Vulnerable by the IUCN due to its highly fragmented distribution, dwindling population, and habitat destruction.
The General in His Labyrinth was relatively poorly received by the general public in the United States, despite the praise of critics.
The Sustainable Endowments Institute gave McGill a grade of "B" on the 2009 College Sustainability Report Card for its improvements in on-campus environmental sustainability, with only 34 schools earning higher grade.
Surface diffusion rates and mechanisms are affected by a variety of factors including the strength of the surface-adparticle bond, orientation of the surface lattice, attraction and repulsion between surface species and chemical potential gradients.
Modern research has estimated that the quake was between 6.0 and 6.3 on the Richter scale, and the United States Geological Survey lists it as the largest earthquake in the history of Massachusetts.
Status ( or in German Stand ) which is based on non-economic qualities like honour, prestige and religion.
The new structure included one Light Infantry Battalion; one Mechanized Infantry Battalion; and one Tank Company.
In the late 1930s, the community's steel sector gained national attention once again, when Youngstown became a site of the so-called "Little Steel Strike", an effort by the Steel Workers Organizing Committee, a precursor to United Steelworkers, to secure contract agreements with smaller steel companies.
"Underneath It All" peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks, becoming No Doubt's highest charting American single, since "Don 't Speak" was not allowed onto the Hot 100 because of a technicality.
Rangers played its first match in May 1872, on Glasgow Green.
In 2014, a DNA study compared dogs and wolves for AMY2B ( Alpha-Amylase 2B ), which is a gene that codes a protein that assists with the first step in the digestion of dietary starch and glycogen.
Catawba was renamed Atahualpa, after the Emperor Atahualpa, the last ruler of the Inca Empire.
Burton fails to complete the revised Patient Zero exhibit before its scheduled opening date.
Carte finally assembled a syndicate in 1877 and formed the Comedy Opera Company to launch a series of original English comic operas, beginning with a third collaboration between Gilbert and Sullivan, The Sorcerer, in November 1877.
Adult hawksbill sea turtles have been known to grow up to 1 m ( 3 ft ) in length, weighing around 80 kg ( 180 lb ) on average.
In 2004, Rowling and Time Warner launched legal actions against bazee.com, now the Indian branch of the online auction site eBay.
Tarantino asked Adam Sandler to play the role of Donny Donowitz, but Sandler declined due to schedule conflicts with the film Funny People.
Donovan commented that Scott loved Charlene, so when he saw she was in danger, he forgot to think about himself and he just went in to rescue her.
Arthur James, the Governor of Pennsylvania, signed legislation creating Ricketts Glen State Park on August 1, 1941.
Additionally, the Port of Mogadishu serves as a major national seaport and is the largest harbour in Somalia.
The band released the album on April 28, 2012 in its entirety on their Soundcloud account.
Vietnam: Tremors were felt approximately five minutes after the earthquake in northern parts of Vietnam.
His wife's health was of even greater concern, so in February 1921 they took a holiday in the south of France to recuperate.
Hammersley Fork flows over bedrock or large cobbles for much of the stretch between Dry Hollow and Nelson Branch.
If this were the case, Helble concluded that the United States should tell Diệm that his regime must condemn the actions of the troops and punish the culprits.
The castle was entered through the outer bailey, a rectangular enclosure protected by earthworks, which would have contained the castle's barns, stables and other service facilities.
The population was able to quickly replace lost birds – there is a high proportion of non-breeding, non-territorial birds able to fill vacant territories.
Since 1993, the proportion of lbws in each English season has risen steadily.
Problem solving therapy was as of 2015 the only psychological therapy with proven effect, and can be likened to a simpler form of cognitive behavioral therapy.
Many of the other minor roles were filled by local Minneapolis actors and community members.
The Macaw is the largest of all the parrot tribe; for although the parrots of Guadeloupe are larger than all other parrots, both of the islands and of the main land, the Macaws are a third larger than they ...
During the All-Star weekend, the NHL announced a new "superhero franchise", The Guardian Project.
Such actions damaged the cohesion of the units that were initially strong.
The southerly extension to Huntington Beach remains unconstructed.
In 1877 three stones were found in a cavern on Rodrigues, each near a Rodrigues solitaire skeleton, and were inferred to be the gizzard stones mentioned by Leguat.
The tale begins with Tommy Brock, a badger, being entertained by old Mr. Bouncer, the father of Benjamin Bunny.
The Wii version of the game, developed by Vicarious Visions, is "full feature parity" with the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions, including support for up to eight players online, each possibly on their own console.
The ship had a crew of 41 officers and 1,095 enlisted sailors.
